["What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt Senior have in common? Their last hit was the wall.", "I'm not old, I'm a classic.", "I'd never refuse a stranger's money, even if you paid me. / ", "The \"check engine\" light came on, so I did.\n\nYup, still there.", "What is a pirate's favourite letter of the alphabet? None. Historians have suggested that most pirates would have been illiterate.", "Take my advice, do not take my advice.", "The only A+ thing about me is my blood / ", "I once lived a stone's throw away from a family who died of mysterious head injuries. / ", "9 out of 10 doctors recommended for children to drink water instead of soda. That 1 doctor lives in flint michigan", "I supplied filofaxes to the Mafia. Yeah, I was involved in very organised crime.", "Most women's super power is noticing when men are happy and then quickly putting an end to it. / ", "I got mugged by six dwarves last night. Not happy. / ", "Right now, both Mexico and Canada are bordering on stupidity. / ", "I've always had terrible luck with women...My first wife died and my second won't / ", "Our last fight was my fault. My wife asked, \"What's on the TV?\". I said \"Dust!\".", "Unbrella: An umbrella which has no further use, as when a force of wind turns it inside-out", "Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would a foot. ", "There was a young Man from Peru, whose limerick stopped at line two.", "When I was born I was so smart I got my parents to feed me and dress me and carry me around with them all day.", "What did one stoplight say to the other stoplight? Don't look! I'm changing!", "Tonight I organized a threesome for myself and 2 others... there were a couple of no shows but I still had a good time / ", "The local kids are all scared of the custard and jelly covered house at the end of our street. I've no idea why, it's obviously desserted.", "When I was a kid, my parents used to make me walk the plank because we couldn't afford a dog. / ", "Went to the bathroom earlier and took a poo....not sure whose it was, but it's mine now. / ", "What do you call a man with 3 eyes? Seymour", "Crocodiles can grow up to 20 feet, but most have just four.", "What's the difference between Sara Palin's mouth and her vagina? Only one retarded thing came out of her vagina.", "My waitress threw sodium chloride at me. She was arrested and charged with a salt.", "I just bought a new blindfold. Can't see myself wearing it though.", "What does the highest paid WNBA player make? Sandwiches.", "59/177 of people overcomplicate things. / ", "I went to the store to buy 6 cans of Sprite. Got to check-out and realized I picked 7up", "Ever since I spent my money on a set of pans, I've been potless. / ", "If my wife made a dollar for every sexist joke I make, she'd be $0.77 richer right now. / ", "I had a bit of a lazy day sitting in my underpants looking for jobs online. My boss was furious.", "I broke into a shoe store and tied the laces together on all the womens' shoes. Bitches be trippin.", "I met the man who invented windowsills. What a ledge.", "I love my wife, she always gives me 100% sound advice. 99% sound, 1% advice.", "My front door was cheap. Made of foam. You can't knock it!", "A baby seal walks into a club...", "My car failed it's emissions test today! Fuming.", "Why don't Arctic foxes eat penguins? Cos they can't get the wrappers off.", "I've been wearing surgical gloves because of Covid-19, and now I don't feel very well. / ", "I'll act my age when I'm 69.", "Why do blind people walk their dogs so much?", "Why did Isaac Newton's son know so much about gravity? The apple didn't fall far from the tree.", "The price they are charging for tyres these days is highway rubbery. / ", "Mom used to feed me alphabet soup because she said I really liked it -- I didn't though, she was just putting words in my mouth. / ", "My gf broke up with me, saying \"You believe you're a Transformer. It's stupid.\" I said, \"But, I can change!\" She said, \"There you go again!\"", "Let's grow old together. You go first.", "Good camo pants are hard to find. / ", "My homework brings all the Asians to the yard, and they're like, it wasn't that hard.", "Did you hear about the overly sensitive burglar? He was always taking things personally.", "What's the biggest advantage of living in Switzerland? Well the flag's a big plus.", "What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea? I've never paid $300 bucks to have a garbanzo bean on my face.", "A man was hospitalized with 6 plastic horses up his ass. The doctor described his condition as stable.", "Renamed my iPod as 'the titantic' so when I plug it in it's says 'the titantic is syncing.", "The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer.", "What's better than seeing a woman wrestle? Seeing her box.", "Just designed a website for orphans. There is no Home page.", "I wondered why the ball was getting bigger... and then it hit me. / ", "A boat carrying red paint has crashed into a boat carrying blue paint. The crew have been marooned.", "If I melt dry ice, can I swim without getting wet?", "9 in 10 people love chocolate. And the 10th person is a liar.", "To all the people out there suffering with paranoia just remember, you're not alone. / ", "You are all too mean to fat people. You guys really need to lay off. They already have enough on their plates.", "Did you ever noticed the word 'bed' actually looks like one?", "\u201cIs your new horse well-behaved Charles?\u201d\n\u201cOh, yes Phil. When we come to a fence, he stops and lets me go over first.\u201d", "I was raised as an only child, which really annoyed my sister. / ", "I used to think that my short leg caused my stumbling, but now I know it's in my jeans. / ", "Just signed my will which is a dead giveaway. / ", "How do you blindfold an Asian woman? Put a windshield in front of her.", "What did the woman say to the vampire when she woke up with her period? \" I made you breakfast in bed!\"", "A Buddhist goes up to a hotdog stand and says, \"Make me one with everything.\"", "I'm always frank with my sexual partners. I don't want them knowing my real name. / ", "How many people from New Jersey does it take to change a light bulb? Three. One to change the light bulb, one to be a witness, and the third to shoot the witness.", "If the shoe fits, you probably didn't buy them on line. / ", "What do you call a man with a rabbit up his arse? Warren", "I've just arrived in Australia to surprise my fianc\u00e9e. She's in London and the wedding's tomorrow.", "I recently lost my grandfather. That's the last time I take him to Ikea!", "Why does Santa have such a big sack? Because he only comes once a year.", "I thought opening the door for a lady was the polite thing to do..but she just screamed and flew out of the plane..", "Imagine if a keepy uppies champion kicked themselves. / ", "I have a phobia of over engineered buildings. It's a complex complex complex.", "Why did the chicken cross the basketball court? He heard the referee was blowing fowls.", "What do you call a penguin in the desert? Lost.", "Whale watching is very similar to watching disappointed people on a boat.", "I broke my psychic's crystal ball. It cost me a fortune.", "When the wheel was invented. It started a revolution.", "I used to be addicted to the Hokey Pokey, but I turned myself around.", "Last night I accidentally saw the woman who lives next door masturbating naked on her bed. I was so shocked I fell out of the tree.", "Yo Mama is so fat she sat on a dollar and made four quarters.", "Women who say, \"All men are the same\"are either bitches or live in China. / ", "What is the difference between ooooh and aaaah?About three inches.", "What do you call a marine who can't swim? A submarine.", "Why do women hold a grudge against you for many years if you call them fat? Because elephants never forget.", "My wife told me to embrace my mistakes so I hugged her. / ", "Out with the lads from OCD anonymous tonight. Things aren't gonna get messy.", "I wanted to marry my English teacher when she got out of jail but apparently, you can't end a sentence with a proposition. / ", "I just sent the wife\u00a0a picture of my floppy willy. I wanted to let her know I was thinking about her.", "Mrs says I have a short attention spanners are great aren't they!", "Trump has paid pornstar Stormy Daniels more money, than he has paid the Government in taxes. / ", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? A Pile-Up. A Pile-Up Who? Ewwwwww", "My dog chased a kid on a bike, So we took away his bike.But he kept barking.So we gave it back.Because his bark is worse than his bike.", "My friend recently got crushed by a pile of books. He's only got his shelf to blame.", "Those who criticise our generation seem to forget who raised it.", "I picked up a hitch hiker. You've got to when you hit them.", "Due to panic purchasing, Walmart has opened a second checkout lane. / ", "What does a Polack use a \"rubber\" for?  Seal-a-meal", "Have you heard about the evil group of men who control all the world's cheese? The Hallouminati!", "I just got a new ringtone. This anal bleaching really is good!", "Did you hear about the woman who got attacked by a gang of mimes? They performed unspeakable acts on her.", "One day Canada will take over the world, then you'll all be sorry. / ", "What's black and white and red all over?  Certainly not the Halifax newspapers.", "What do you call the first Irish woman ever created? The McRib.", "How to make Easter easier - replace the t with an i.", "A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.", "I always go off topic in middle of the Mediterranean where I had a lovely time.", "Did you hear about the Republican Fried Chicken fast food restaurant? All they serve are right wings and a**holes.", "I watched a documentary on how they made the Titanic the other day, it was riveting / ", "Are straight and gay pirates after the same booty?", "During my divorce I was lucky enough to find and use the law firm of Ditcher,Quick and Hyde. / ", "I hung a foot with bullet shells on the extremities on my doorway.  I called it \"missile-toe\"", "I used to know how to make those little fizzy sweets, but then I forgot. So I went on a Refresher course", "My Mrs has recently started eating sofas, it's weird... But then again she's always had a suite tooth.", "I just told my friend that I am going to be a comedian--he laughed at me. I'm off to a good start!", "There's plenty of fish in the sea, but until I catch one, I'm stuck here just holding my rod. / ", "Instead of cosmetics, I'm giving my wife PhotoShop.", "My wife said she wanted some peace and quiet while she made dinner so I unplugged the smoke alarm. / ", "Hickory Dickory Dock. Two mice ran up the clock. The clock struck one and the other got through with only minor injuries.", "I entered a masturbating competition today, hope I can pull it off. / This is a repost", "Whats the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.", "My girlfriend text me earlier \"Why don't you ever put an x at the end of your texts?\" I replied, \"Sorry babe. Michelle.\"", "Why do barbers become good drivers? They know all the short cuts.", "The only thing Facebook is good for is saving me money on birthday cards.", "Who says love is dead? Necrophiliacs", "Inspecting mirrors is a job I could really see myself doing.", "I often worry that mankind is going to start world war 3 solely because we enjoy trilogies.", "I keep a baseball bat under the bed just in case someone breaks in and pitches a ball to me.", "Grandpa warned, and warned, and warned the people that the Titanic would sink, until eventually they kicked him out of the movie theater. / ", "I cut myself on a jigsaw which really puzzled me. / ", "How do you blind an Asian woman? Put a windshield in front of her.", "When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam. I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.", "I quit my job in the helium balloon factory, I refuse to be spoken to in that tone", "What's the best dating service in India? Connect the dots.", "I had a threesome with a scalene and an isosceles.It was a love triangle.", "I love pressing F5. It's so refreshing.", "Modern Warfare 3: The ultimate form of birth control.", "What's the best way to talk to your mother-in-law? Through a medium.", "How do vampires fall in love? Love at first bite!", "Are dachshund born that way or do they start normal and get weiner. / ", "A girl I fancy just phoned me and said, \"Come on over. There's nobody home.\" I went over. Nobody was home.", "Marriage is a relationship where one person is always right and the other is the husband.", "My wife and I were happy for twenty years; then we met.", "Roses are red, Violets are blue, I've got dementia, Cheese on toast.", "At weddings old people always poke me and say you'll be next! It's so annoying! So, I've started doing the same to them at funerals.", "People always say that tattoos are a great way of preserving precious memories. In case you forget that anchor.. or your Mothers name.", "Minecraft is a perfect game because they didn't cut any corners. / ", "My agent told me to give it a couple years, but he'd make me an overnight success.", "I got kicked out of my local record store after enquiring about a Coldplay song. I only went looking for Trouble.", "Two guys at the gym, one is putting on frilly knickers. \"Since when do you wear womens pants?\" \"Since my\u00a0wife\u00a0found them in the glovebox!\"", "You know what gets me down? An extra chromosome", "Met a girl in a bar last night. She said: \"Hi I'm Yvette\". I said \"Hi I'm an Accountant\".", "I have a joke about pizza and a broken pencil. Unfortunately it's cheesy and pointless", "Knock knock...Who's there? The doorbell repair man.", "What's green and goes \"Riggit Riggit\" ?A frog with badly fitting false teeth.", "Only two things are necessary to keep one's wife happy.One is to let her think she is having her own way,and the other is to let her have it", "I don't know whats more awkward. answering Dora, or sitting in silence as she stares at you.", "I'll tell you the truth, I'm a liar. / ", "What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye matey!", "I got to work this morning to find a lump of Plasticine on my desk. I don't know what to make of it.", "To the guy who invented the number zero, thanks for nothing. / ", "What do you call a Mexican who likes little kids? A Pedro phile", "I've been getting anonymous texts from someone telling me to shower, comb my hair and brush my teeth. I think they might be trying to groom me", "There are more men than women in mental hospitals, which just goes to show who's driving whom crazy.", "I once took a girl to Starbucks because I forgot her name.", "There once was a man called Dave, who dug up a prostitutes grave, she was covered in shit and missing a tit but look at the money he saved!", "I just love helium..I can't speak highly enough about it!", "What's the difference between rude and crude? Rude is when you throw your underpants at the wall, crude is when they stick to it.", "Why should you never date a tennis player? cause love means nothing to them.", "Found a joke in the bin today. It was rubbish.", "\"Be aggressive....be be aggressive\" is not an appropriate cheer to give someone stricken with cancer. / ", "Why can't orphans play baseball? They don't know where home is.", "I'd love to be a juggler. But I haven't got the balls.", "Why do Marxists drink herbal tea? Because proper tea is theft!", "I woke up with a face full of rice. I must've fallen asleep as soon as my head hit the pilau.", "My three favourite things are eating my family and not using commas. / ", "Come to Myspace and Twitter my Yahoo \nTil' I Google all over your Facebook.", "The best part of having an argument is the hot, angry sex afterwards. Obviously, the judge presiding over my court case disagrees. / ", "What kind of horses do ghosts ride? Nightmares! ", "Television: A device that enables people aren't doing anything to watch people who can't do anything.", "How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two. One to change the bulb and one not to change it.", "What's the difference between an arts student and a table? A table can support itself ", "I'm not happy with the results of my cheap circumcision. It was a total rip-off!", "With enough money you become immortal as you can't be killed, but can be assassinated / ", "Yo Mama is so fat that smaller fat people orbit around her.", "Just walked in on grandma talking to an envelope....Her attempt to send a voicemail. / ", "Hangry: So hungry by the lack of food you become angry.", "Did you hear about the guy who bought a sponge door? Can't knock it.", "\"How do construction workers remember their tasks? They drill them into their head!\"", "Ahhhh, I remember 2018 like it was yesterday. / ", "My clever friend said that onions are the only food that can make you cry. So I threw a coconut in his face.", "What do you call crystal clear urine? 1080pee", "Sorry followers for being gone--Sorry I look so beat up. But, you see, the economy bounced back and I was standing in the way.", "What do you call a judge with no fingers? Justice Thumbs", "I had a threesome with a scalene and an isosceles. It was a love triangle.", "Why did President Kennedy never get drunk? He wasn't very good at taking shots.", "Tithes / Apples charges $100/year for a developer fee including 30\u2105 for in app purchases, which is greedy compared to what God asks for", "Put down the phone, close your eyes, and just concentrate on driving. / ", "Why did the snowman take his pants off? He heard the snow blower was coming.", "In high school, my math teacher called me average and that was mean. / ", "Experience is what you get when you don\u2019t get what you want.", "What's the fastest type of cake? Scone", "If I had 50\u00a2 for every math test I've failed, I'd have $7.20 / ", "\"Inverted sit-ups\" is just a fancy name for lay-downs. I can only do one. But I can hold it for a long time.", "Why are pilots so great at 'landing' jobs?", "I used to think that getting dumped is the worst feeling in the world until last night when a 5 GB download failed at 99%.", "A criminal's best asset is his lie ability.", "I used to be a member of the secret cooking society but they kicked me out for spilling the beans. / ", "I'm not really interested in tobogganing, but I would probably do it if pushed. / ", "Why don't North Koreans go to heaven? Because they have no Seoul", "The trouble with jogging is that by the time you realize you're not in shape for it, it's too far to walk back.", "I failed the baker when they kneaded me most. / ", "Corrupted Joke / ### A wise man once said, 'Money can solve corruption.\"", "What kind of key opens a banana? A monkey!", "A very wise woman once said....... Nothing. / ", "Don't accept shampoo...Demand real poo. / ", "Those stairs move so fast! They slipped right out from under me.", "Shooting up a building would take a lot of heroin / ", "Heard Apple was making a new iPod Touch model targeting a younger audience. I don't think the ' iTouch Kids ' is gonna be a big success.", "I've asked many people what LGBTQ stands for but no one can give me a straight answer. / ", "Money does grow on trees! Banks have branches don't they?", "My doctor asked if I drink to excess. I told him I'll drink to anything.", "Yo mama is so poor she has the ducks throw bread at her.", "Once you turn 21, you can finally legally do all the things you've been doing since you were 16.", "I bet Stretch Armstrong's schedule is pretty flexible these days. / ", "\"Money doesn't buy happiness.\" That phrase should end in just kidding.", "Why was the cold tap turned on?Because the other tap was so hot!", "I looked at your trophy wife. I see you didn't win first place.", "I am afraid of Santa-- I must be claustrophobic", "When I found out that my toaster wasn't waterproof. I was shocked!", "When does 1+1=3? When you don't use a condom.", "My buddy invited me to go fishing, but I said heck no when he told me the fish were biting. / ", "\"Mom? Don't freak out, but I'm in the hospital.\" \"Bob, you've been a doctor for 8 years now, stop starting every call we have with that.\"", "When Aryabhatta checked my exam papers, he invented zero.", "Why did the cyclops quit teaching? He had only one pupil.", "The only time the word \"incorrectly\" isn\u2019t spelled incorrectly is when it\u2019s spelled incorrectly. / ", "My friend asked me if I wanted to hear a joke about precious stones, I told him I\u2019d have Topaz / ", "What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball? she choked.", "The consequences of my bad eating habits have started to weigh on me. / ", "If you think about it long enough, you\u2019ll see that it\u2019s obvious.", "The universe implodes... No matter.", "Would 100 rabbits lined up single file and marching backwards qualify as a receding hare line? / ", "Had a fight last night with the wife, she threw a lettuce at me! That's just the tip of the iceberg.", "Police arrested two kids yesterday,one was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks. They charged one and let the other one off", "Where does Sean Connery shit? On any chair he finds.", "I wonder if King-sized sheets are called Presidential-sized sheets in Europe..", "Just ordered a load of bubble wrap off eBay today. Just to see what it gets delivered in.", "My nerdy friend just got a PhD on the history of palindromes, so now we call him Dr Awkward. / ", "Yo Mama is so fat, I told the bitch to haul ass and it took her two trips.", "What's the difference between inlaws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.", "If you thought swimming with dolphins was expensive, try swimming with sharks, it\u2019ll cost you an arm and a leg. / Saw this on some meme and loved it.", "The best housewarming gift is fire.", "Elton John is a great pianist, but he sucks on the organ. / ", "How do you keep men on their toes? Raise the urinals", "What do you call an Iraqi with a sheep under each arm? A pimp.", "Why do women live longer, peaceful lives? Because they don't have a wife!", "Slim: the line between genius and insane.", "For years I used to think I was a leg of pork..... but, my doctor cured me. / ", "I\u2019m an optimistic pessimist\u2026 I look forward to the worst.", "Why did the scarecrow get an award? He was outstanding in his field.", "Your mommas so fat, she uses Google++++", "Rap is basically 75% cRap.", "Why don't atheists ever become mathematicians? They don't believe in higher powers.", "My parents always tell me their world doesn\u2019t revolve around me, so I guess that means I\u2019m not actually their sun. / ", "terrorists took a courthouse full of lawyers hostage.\nThey threatened to release one every hour unless their demands were met.", "Why do pediatricians get so frustrated? They have very little patients.", "I got my cock out for the wife \"Do you like my new piercing?\" After a few seconds she said \"Wheres the piercing then?\" I said \"In my ear\".", "What dad does to stay happily married...... Keep Mum. / ", "There are two deaf blokes Sat at each end of the bus, signing each other wildly. I'm fighting the urge to ask them to keep it down.", "What do you do with an elephant that has three balls? Walk him and pitch to the giraffe.", "I'll commit suicide or die tryin / ", "It may be illegal to steal kitchen utensils, but what can I say? I'm a whisk taker", "Q. Where do you find a one legged dog?\nA. Where you left it.", "I don't believe in censoring, and thats why I never skip ads. / ", "The invention of the shovel was ground-breaking.", "If moths like light do much, why don't they come out during the day? / ", "\"Cougar\" because it sounds much better than, 'washed up bar slut.' / ", "I start my new job in Seoul next week. I thought it was a good Korea move.", "If a wipe down my vacuum with a paper towel.. That makes me a vacuum cleaner.", "A lighthouse is actually very heavy. / ", "Just found out I have a Chinese half brother after all these years. Can't wait to meet Mi Sib Ling.", "Bill Gates has agreed to pay for the completion of Trumps wall, as long as he can put Windows in it. / ", "What do an alcoholic and a necrophile have in common? They both like to crack open a cold one.", "You never realize what you have till its gone... Toilet paper is a good example.", "Spent all my savings on a sexchange. Now I haven't got a sausage.", "Did you hear about the Italian chef with a terminal illness? He pastaway. Cannoli do so much. Now hes just a pizza history.", "A bad cardiothoracic surgeon always puts their entire heart into their work. / ", "Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get.", "How many (Generals/Politicians) does it take to change a light bulb? 1,000,001. One to change the bulb and 1,000,000 to rebuild civilizationto the point where they need light bulbs again.", "Fact of life: after Monday and Tuesday, even the calender says W T F.", "My Dad got a new pair of pants. When I asked him how they fit, he said, \"like a cheap castle\". When I looked confused he said, \"no ballroom\"", "What do you call it when batman skips church? Christian Bale.", "Without a doubt, my favorite Robin Williams movie is Mrs. Fire. / ", "I\u00b4m at the ATM when a robber holding his gun at my back asks: do you want to see your family again? I said \"no\". We both had a good laugh.", "I never question myself. Why should I start now?", "Hear the one about the miscarriage? I overheard it yesterday. The joke was funny but the delivery was all wrong", "Are you a parking ticket? Because you have fine written all over you.", "My humbleness is my best quality.", "I tried to comfort my sexaholic friend with a tongue joke but it was in bad taste. / ", "Paddy says \"Why do scuba divers fall into the water backwards Mick?\". Mick says \"If they fell forwards they'd still be in the fuckin boat\".", "Braille really should've been called 'Blind Spots'. / ", "I stubbed my toe in a library once. I had to suffer in silence.", "What's the cheapest kind of meat? Deer balls, They're under a buck!", "Give me ambiguity or give me something else.", "How did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend? \"I just need some space.\"", "I used to be attention seeking, but look at me now!", "I never knew that the Koran was so accurate.....especially when thrown from a close distance. / ", "My mate just lost his job at the pet shop. The boss caught him with his hand in the trill.", "Today I am running around the park and putting sprinkles on dog crap so people's days aren't ruined.", "I knew I was going bald when it took longer and longer to wash my face. / ", "'Irony' the opposite of 'wrinkly' / ", "\"The biggest problem with using the Internet is you never know if it's reliable or not\" -Abraham Lincoln", "You hear about the newest member of the X-Men? Caitlyn Jenner", "Ejaculation is a temporary solution for a permanent problem. / ", "My doctor told me to try pilates...... I heard pie and lattes. / ", "The first rule for those with a bad memory: 1)", "I like to play chess with old men in the park although it's hard to find 32 of them / ", "Why did Mr. Grape leave Mrs. Grape? He was tired of raisin kids. ", "Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an asshole.", "What's got no teeth and smells? The gearbox in the wife's car...", "A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..", "I dated a girl with a lazy eye, but it didn't work out. She was seeing someone else on the side.", "I don\u2019t like cocaine, I just like the smell of it. / ", "Did you know that ants never get sick? Must be because of their ANT-ibodies. / ", "My family's new television has parental control.\n\nI'm gonna use it to get my mom to make me a sandwich.", "If you're scared of pedophiles, grow up. / ", "I like what plumbers wear, overall. / ", "Over 90% of people over 60 believe that we show less respect to others than we did in the past. Silly old fuckers!", "Did you hear about the blind circumciser? He got the sack!", "Prepositions are not words to end sentences with.", "I've always wondered If someone has actually LMAO'd.", "A red curry and a green curry had a fight, there was no winner, it was a Thai. / ", "I took the missus to a restaurant last night. I said \"do you like peppa pig?\". She said \"yeah\". I said \"waiter some pepper over here please\".", "Santa has the right idea.. Visit people once a year.", "In my house I'm the boss. My wife is just the decision maker.", "My wife was furious with me today because I put a stick in a non-stick pan. / ", "How many oranges grow on the average orange tree? All of them.", "How can you tell that the little mermaid is on her period? She's followed by sharks.", "A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm and says: 'A beer please, and one for the road.'", "You know you're a good mum when you sacrifice your vibrator batteries for your kids toys.", "Marriage is a three ring circus: an engagement ring, a wedding ring, and suffering", "Do you need a silencer to shoot a mime?", "There's no \"I\" in Denial.", "To all you vegetarians, the lifestyle you have chosen is a big missed steak .", "I just want people to accept who I pretend I am", "My girlfriend peed her pants and asked me if she was still beautiful. I told her, \"urinate out of ten.\"", "My Korean friend died last week. So Yung.", "I hate being bipolar, it's amazing.", "A headache is just your brain trying to comprehend its own stupidity.", "Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.", "A woman walks into a bar and asks the barman for a double-entendre. So he gives her one.", "It would be so cool if we could reverse global warming. / ", "The thief who stole my iPhone could face time. / ", "What do you call a blonde in an institution of higher learning? A visitor.", "Yo mama is so old that when I told her to act her own age she died.", "What do you call a man with a haggis on his head? Scott", "Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush", "What noise does a nut make when it sneezes? Cashew.", "My mother-in-law got ambushed by 6 men who starting punching her. My wife shouted 'Are you gonna help?', I said '6 should be enough!'", "Have you heard about the new Eddie Stobart film coming out? It looks quite good, i've seen the trailer!", "My news years resolution this year is to give up sexual innuendos.But it's so hard..", "Just bought a new 4D TV, it comes with integration of heat,cold,wet, wind, and different aromas. It's 6' by 4'. Its called a window.", "To my wife in bed - \"Give me a Chilean Miner!\" Her - \"What's that?\" Me- \"Go down to the bottom of my shaft and stay there 'til Christmas!\"", "A chemist froze himself at -275.15\u00b0C everyone said he was crazy but ge was 0k. / ", "I hate having ADHD, one second your doing something and the / ", "The opposite of formaldehyde is casualdejekyll / ", ">\u2019Enter new password\u2018 ~ 'BaDum' > \u2018Password must contain a cymbal\u2018 ~ 'BaDumTsss' / ", "If you want a job in a moisturizer factory , you should apply daily / ", "Doctor: \"The best thing you can do is give up drinking and smoking and eat healthy foods.\" \nPatient: \"What's the second best thing?\"", "Two muffins are in an oven. One of 'em says, \"Wow, it's really hot in here.\" The other one says \"Holy shit, a talking muffin!\"", "There's a lot of fish in the sea. Might as well catch a few, gut them, and throw them back in.", "I put the \u201csexy\u201d in \u201cdyslexic\u201d / ", "What's got two legs and bleeds a lot? Half a dog.", "Did you hear about the kidnapping? He woke up.", "Want a stable relationship? Get a horse!", "My wife and I split up because of psychological reasons....She was Psycho and I was Logical. / ", "What do you call a cow with only three legs? Lean beef.", "5 out of 6 scientists say that Russian roulette is safe. / ", "When I get naked in the bathroom, the shower usually gets turned on!", "Who ever says \"words can't hurt you\" has never been hit in the face with a dictionary.", "Threw the washing machine at the missus. Bosch!!", "There\u2019s a fine line between doing coke and not doing coke. / ", "I was going to make a joke about sodium and hydrogen, but NaH.. / ", "I had to quit my job fitting tyres at the garage. I just couldn't handle the pressure.", "I just made a massive saving on my new pair of goaly gloves. / ", "Anything not made by God is made in China.", "Five out of six scientists recommend Russian roulette. / ", "Caitlyn Jenner said that transitioning to a woman was so hard that she might not have the balls to do it again. / ", "2 guys walked into a bar. The third one ducked.", "Funny Laws-Alaska: it is considered an offense to push a moose out of an airplane.", "A good perfume is the best way to turn those nose into yeses because that's how you know they can scent. / ", "Why did the traffic light turn red? You'd turn red too if you had to change in the street. ", "Got thrown out a strip club last night for using monopoly money. I don't see why I should pay real money to see fake boobs.", "Statistics show that teen pregnancy rapidly drop after the age of 19.", "My gamer girlfriend just left me...said I always tried to controller / ", "My wife said to me, \"I'm fed up with you being so lazy, pack your bags and leave.\" I said, \"You pack them.\"", "Chevrolegs: The kind of vehicle you own when you can't afford a car. \n\nYour feet.", "The only B word you should call a girl is Beautiful. Bitches love to be called Beautiful", "If 2020 was a drink, it'd be a colonoscopy prep. / ", "What is a ghost's favourite ride? A roller-ghoster.", "I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.", "I was so poor when I grew up, I bought Popsicle sticks and just pretended like I was having a special treat.", "How do you find a blind man in a nudest colony? It isn't hard.", "This makes as much sense as a screen door on a submarine / ", "My neighbour blamed my gravel for making him fall, but it was his dumb asphalt. / ", "There are only 2 days that I don't have any control over.....Yesterday and Tomorrow. / ", "What's the best thing about being black? Not having to listen to awful dad jokes.", "Humpty Dumpty's last words. \" man I had a good summer. I just hope I have a great fall!\"", "Why don't Italians like Jehovah's Witnesses? Italians don't like any witnesses..", "To all of you mocking my waterway jokes, you canal fuck off! / ", "Hair salons are closed, nail salons are closed, makeup stores are closed...its about to get real ugly out here / ", "If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.", "BREAKING: Police are trying to rescue a cow lost in a cannabis field. The steaks have never been higher.", "My poor knowledge of greek mythology has always been my achilles elbow / ", "The boss of Dulux paints has died of hypothermia while trekking across the Antarctic. Medics say he needed a second coat.", "There's plenty of fish in the sea, but until I catch one, I'm just stuck here holding my rod. / ", "What's positive about Africa? H.I.V.", "I pulled a proper fit bird Saturday night! Part Mexican and right up for it. She told me she was dyslexic. I said get your taco, you've pulled!", "What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking? Slow down and consider lube.", "It's with a heavy heart that I must announce, the doctor says my cholesterol is at dangerous levels. / ", "My wife said that I'll find any excuse to drink. Speaking of beer...", "What are the three most difficult years for an Aggie? Second grade.", "No one ends life a virgin, life screws us all.", "My intention is to ruin the brakes in my car, and no one will stop me. / ", "I've been thinking about selling my John Lennon memorabilia on eBay. Imagine all the PayPal.", "I'm making a TV series about a plane hijacking. We just shot the pilot.", "Is it \"ok\" to be nice in the meantime? / ", "Biologists have recently produced immortal frogs by removing their vocal cords, this way, they'll never croak. / ", "\"I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.\u201d", "Russia's only perforated monarch............. Ivan The Tearable. / ", "It would be decent if we got rid of the penny. / ", "My father used to take me to the playground and put me on mood swings / ", "Follow your dreams, except for the one where your naked at work.", "Where do senior citizens often go to the restroom? Depends", "Yo mama is so fat on the sixth day god created her.", "I just finished designing a website for an orphanage. There isn't a home page", "My math teacher asked me: \"Do you understand inequalities?\" I replied: \"More or less.\"", "Apples are to doctors as garlic is to vampires / ", "My wife came home from work crying yesterday and asked me to console her. So I hit her over the head with my Xbox.", "If I have to work for an idiot, I might as well work for myself.", "A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then asks you not to kill him.", "What do you call a pig with three eyes. Piiig.", "I've just been given a pack of playing cards covered in strawberry jam..I'm finding them very had to deal with.", "I went to the doctors the other day and asked if he had anything for wind. So he gave me a kite.", "I only trust people who like big butts.\n\nCause they can not lie.", "The \"National Tell A Lie Day\" was just another day for every politician.", "Yo mama so fat when she steps on a scale, it read \"one at a time, please\"", "I just read an article about the wages of alcoholism. So wait... you can get paid for that?", "I went to Seoul the other day to sell fluorescent markers. It was the highlight of my Korea.", "My wife hasn't said a word to me in 6 days. What's even better is, she thinks it's punishment.", "If you trim your Christmas tree, it will make your presents look bigger. / ", "I, for one, really like Roman Numerals / Text.", "I've spent all day looking for my cat with one eye..I should have used both eyes really.", "When Alexander Graham Bell finally finished inventing the telephone, he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris.", "\"ok boomer\", said the currant to the elderberry / ", "Jokes about communism aren't funny unless everyone gets them. / ", "The probability of someone watching you is directly related to the stupidity of your actions.", "I am so jealous of my parents because there is no way I'll get a kid as cool as theirs.", "If Superglue is that good, why doesn't it stick to the inside of the bottle? / ", "There are two kinds of persons: The one that divide all people in two part, and then the other that don't.", "After you've read three different reviews of the same film, you start to wonder about history!! / ", "Want to hear a joke about pizza? Never mind it's too cheesy.", "I just got back from the corner shop. Bought some corners.", "I hate those people who knock on your door and tell you how you need to be \"saved\" or you'll \"burn.\" Stupid firemen", "What does a Russian woman say to stop her husband from abusing her? Vladislov, baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more..", "I think the most unrealistic thing about Harry Potter is the fact a Ginger had two friends.", "Before you wed that lawyer, remember you're about to marry someone who's been professionally trained to argue.", "A common thing between you and your peepee / ......\n.....\n.......\n......\n.......\nYou're both nuts.", "Sex is the most beautiful thing that money can buy. / ", "What a gorgeous day to walk around outside staring at my phone.", "Whats the difference between you and a calendar? A calendar has dates.", "The letter 'q' needs to get a real job.", "eath is nature\u2019s way of saying, Your table\u2019s ready.", "Innuendo, an Italian suppository.", "What do you call a boomerang that won't come back? A stick", "When life gives Charlie Sheen lemons, he fucks them and gives them lemon-aids", "Mirror inspector. Now there's a job I could really see myself doing!", "Did you hear about the rabbi who had to circumcise elephants? The pay was terrible but the tips were huge!", "What gets louder as it gets smaller? A baby in a trash compactor.", "Americans know the metric system. We measure our soda in liters (we spell it differently too) and also our bullet casings like the 9mm (millimeter) / ", "I wanted to lose weight so I went to the paint store. I heard I could get thinner there.", "Sean Connery is 84 Roger Moore is 87 Pierce Brosnan is 61 Daniel Craig is 47Ooh yeah. I'm really into Bond age.", "Ever have a fly land on your computer screen and your first reaction is to hit it with the cursor?", "G/f left a note on the fridge. \"It's not working. Can't take it anymore.\" Opened the fridge and the light came on. What the hell did she mean?", "It\u2019s sad that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs. / ", "Microwave Mentality:\nHaving the attitude that if something can't be done in 5 minutes or less, it's not worth doing.", "What do you call a gay man milking a cow? A Dairy Queen.", "There is no \u201cI\u201d in denial. / ", "I'm not saying I'm an ugly cunt, but I fucked a blind girl once who asked for the light off.", "I never finish anyth", "If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea\u2026 does that mean that one enjoys it? / ", "What has 20 legs and flys? 5 dead horses.", "A photon checks into a hotel, is asked if he needs any help with his luggage and replies, \"No, I'm traveling light.\" / ", "My wife just said I was ignorant..Nonsense! Why? I don't even know the meaning of the word!", "I've been diagnosed with a chronic fear of giants.....feefiphobia. / ", "What's going on with the weather? I haven't the foggiest.", "My girlfriend says I never take her anywhere expensive, so I took her to the gas station.", "Had some sad news, my Dutch ex girlfriend died last week, she liked to wear inflatable shoes. Apparently she popped her clogs.", "Waited in line for hours outside the club last night whilst the doorman checked ID's. He was taking ages.", "I thought I'd been stung on the tongue by a murder hornet while eating sushi, turned out it wasabi / ", "Best part of COVID-19 is my car getting 3 weeks a gallon. / ", "Marriage is like a hand grenade, remove the ring and the fucking house is gone. / ", "Walking into the drum shop like \u2018I\u2019d tap that\u2019 / ", "If a guy is addicted to masturbating but then gets addicted to sex, is it fair to say his addiction got out of hand? / ", "I like to tease my dyslexic dwarf friend alot. Its not big and its not clever.", "You're a Philosophy major you say? Impressive, and yes, please make my order a combo.", "So stressed my acne just broke out.", "I had such a crap day. First my ex got run over by a bus. Then I got fired from my job as a bus driver.", "If you suck at playing the trumpet, that's probably why. / ", "My Mrs has been told she'll have to lose weight if she wants to become pregnant.I told her.", "Which word in the Dictionary is always spelled wrong? Wrong.", "What's worse than a cardboard box? Paper tits.", "What's a Jewish dilemma? Free Ham.", "Success is like a fart....It only bothers people if it is not their own. / ", "I dropped 30 lbs over the summer. \"oh yeah? And what happened to your foot?\" that's where I dropped the 30 lb sandbag.", "Anger is a condition in which the tongue works faster than the mind.", "Yesterday a clown held a door open for me, I thought it was a nice Jester.", "Why did the guitarist go to jail? For fingering A minor", "My wife has had her panties stolen off the line! Fuming! U can keep the knickers but can we have the 40 pegs back please!", "I've decided to stop wearing glasses. Cos it makes me look harder.", "What is the preferred condiment to go with fish for a medieval conquering nation? / Tatar sauce", "What do you call a man with cat scratches all over his head? Claude!", "How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb? Just Juan", "Have you ever noticed the irony behind \u201chyphenated\u201d and \u201cnon-hyphenated\u201d? / ", "On the way to work I crashed my car into the back of another, a dwarf got out and said 'I'm not happy!!'I said 'well which one are you then?'", "I\u2019m gonna do a clean shave downstairs so I\u2019m presentable for when my exams fuck me into oblivion. / ", "Every time I get undress in the bathroom the shower gets turned on.", "Enjoyed the wii-kend. Have I even blinked?", "It makes sense why women hate premature ejaculation so much. Our whole lives we're taught that nothing worth having comes easy.", "I think \"Shots\" by LMFAO was paid off by doctors during flu season.", "Renewable energy. I'm a big fan.", "How many graduate students does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but it takes nine years.", "I'm such a virgin that even flipping a coin won't give me head. / ", "After (M)onday and (T)uesday even the week says WTF!", "My family think I spend too much time doing dot-to-dot puzzles. But it's okay, I know where to draw the line.", "I'm so great, I'm jealous of myself.", "I've just won 10 million on the lottery and decided to buy my local Chinese takeaway called 'Happiness'.\n\nYour move, philosophers.", "I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.", "My girlfriend left me cause she's sick of me \"quoting her all the time\"...", "All the money I give to my insurance guy and he has the audacity to call himself 'broker'. / ", "My teacher threw sodium chloride at me. That's a salt!", "What's the definition of endless love? Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder playing tennis", "I killed the entire glove industry with my bare hands / ", "I am one step away from being rich. All I need is money. / ", "I got the wife a wooden leg for Christmas, it's not a main present, just a stocking filler.", "Two years ago I asked my dream girl on a date. Today I asked her to marry me. She said no on both occasions.", "What do gay horses eat? Haaaaaaaaayyyyyyyy", "I don't love parachuting but, I mean, it's descent. / ", "I was so upset the other day by an out-of-body experience. I was beside myself.", "If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question?", "Won the lottery for a million dollars today so I decided to donate a quarter of it to charity. I now have $999,999.75", "I'm unsure if I should attend the seminar on decision making. / ", "First rule of Thesaurus Club. You don't talk, converse, discuss, speak, chat, deliberate, confer, gossip, utter...", "I've started taking steps to cure my alcoholism. It hasn't worked, I've just got loads of angry window cleaners after me.", "Biology grows on you.", "What do you call an Asian receptionist? Tai Ping", "With Harry Potter, Oprah, and letterman all done, I guess the world is really ending.", "My wife reckoned she could sing more football terrace songs than me.  But I beat her easily. She had no chants.", "How do you feel when there's no more coffee? Depresso ", "I stayed up all night trying to remember, the difference between insomnia and amnesia. / ", "What's a twack? Something a twain wuns on.", "What do you call a man with a car on his head? Jack.", "I was attacked by a flock of sheep yesterday. Luckily, I was only grazed. / ", "I had a threesome last night. The kids loved it. / ", "They should readjust clothing size to S,M,L,XL,F(at) and 2F(at).", "I knew I was going to fail my maths test when I entered the classroom, so I did a 360 and left. / ", "Of course there are no funny bones in your legs- they have absolutely zero sense of femur / Hope you found this joke humerus", "Did you hear about the Italian chef that died? He pasta way. We cannoli do so much. His legacy will be a pizza history.", "My new years resolution is not to procrastinate.....oh, shoot!", "Do you think if I charged my phone less it would do the same?", "The life of an elevator is rather boring at times, but not without it's ups and downs. / ", "Last night I bought an alcoholic ginger beer. He wasn't happy about it.", "Yo mama is so fat, she was baptized at Sea World.", "Gonna dress up as a Champions League trophy for Halloween and go around scaring Arsenal fans.", "Keep the dream alive.. Hit the snooze button.", "Did you hear the Aggies bought a thousand septic tanks?As soon as they learn to drive them, they'll invade Mexico.", "How do you circumcise a redneck? Kick his sister in the jaw.", "Did you hear about the House-Senate conference committe considering legislation to decriminalize the use of marijuana? It's called the Joint Session of Congress.", "Did you hear about the mathematician who's afraid of negative numbers? He'll stop at nothing to avoid them.", "How do we know Christ wasn't born in Italy? There are no virgins and they couldn't find three wise men.", "Some people can\u2019t tell a penis apart from a teste even though there is a vas deferens between them. / ", "Facebook Movie showtimes: 4:00 6:00 8:00 10:00.  Twitter Showtimes: 4:00 4:02 4:06 4:08", "I guess you heard about me weeing in the newsagents yesterday? It was all over the papers.", "I am working for Peanuts drawing Snoopy and Charlie Brown. / ", "Two silk worms had a race. It ended in a tie.", "I got stung by a bee the other day. \u00a320 for a jar of honey.", "If you were a laser, you'd be set on stunning.", "Two sausages in a frying pan, one says to the other: \"bloody hell it's hot in here\". The other says \"OMG, A talking sausage!\"", "I was gonna tell you a time travel joke but you didn't like it. / ", "The person who coined \"one hit wonder\" probably didn't come up with any other popular phrases. / ", "Have you ever noticed razor blades taste just like blood?", "What is the capital of Greece? About \u00a310", "I bought the world's worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it's terrible.", "I had to take the batteries out of the carbon monoxide detector last night. The loud beeping was giving me a headache and made me feel dizzy", "Hitler without a blindfold: \" I can see\"\nHitler with a blindfold: \" I can Nazi\"", "Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.", "When I die, I'd like to be cremated. I think I've urned it. / ", "In the year 2021, we will all have 2020 hindsight. / ", "I was given a leaflet the other day on anger management. I lost it.", "Last night in bed my girlfriend told me I had to use protection, apparently knuckle dusters and a baseball bat was not what she had in mind. / ", "LOOK LEFT ----------------------------&gt; fail.", "The man who invented Chinese whispers has died. Pass it on...", "Why is the ceo of apple so rich ? / Cause he bears the fruit of success", "If Russia wants to be the first country to produce a vaccine..... Then Soviet !!! / ", "What do you call Dracula's retarded cousin? Countdown", "lPeople are seldom too busy to stop and tell you how busy they are.", "Men don't care what's on TV. They only care what else is on TV.", "Our lumberjack employee just isn't cutting it, so I want you to give him the axe. / ", "If your feet smell and your nose runs, you're built upside down.", "My three favorite things are eating my family and not using commas. / ", "Sean Connery should never tell a trained dog to sit. / ", "How do you know if lady gaga is dead? You poke her face", "When Winnie the Pooh eats honey straight from the jar with his paw, it's cute, but when I hang around a donkey while wearing nothing but a red t-shirt, someone calls the cops. / ", "While stuck in lockdown, you could say we have a lot of extra quaran-time. / ", "My wife told me to take a spider out instead of killing it. We went and had drinks. Cool guy, wants to be a web designer.", "Hate everyone equally #HaterLivesMatter / ", "\"The average person thinks he isn\u2019t.\"", "Yo momma so fat she have flabby thighs but lucky for you her stomach covers em.", "I tried to buy a hotdog with ketchup but the vendor would only accept cash. / ", "How many managers does it take to change a light bulb? Three. One to get the bulb and two to get the phone number to dial one of their subordinates to actually change it.", "When can't a pen write out a check? When it's broke. ", "Veganism is like Communism... They are both fine, unless you like food. / ", "What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea? I've never begged to have a lentil on my face.", "Of course I can keep secrets. It\u2019s the people I tell them to that can\u2019t keep them.", "I failed math so many times at school, I can\u2019t even count. / &#x200B;\n\n# I failed math so many times at school, I can\u2019t even count.\n\nA website for one liners:   [http://shorts.infinityfreeapp.com/](http://shorts.infinityfreeapp.com/)", "Did you hear about the midget who speaks to dead people that broke out of prison? The police are describing him as a small medium at large.", "In light of collapsing economy, JPMorgan plans to lay off several members of Congress / ", "Today I have a 45 minute presentation about the importance of short meetings. / ", "If you want to make your wife crazy, don't talk in your sleep, just smile. / ", "Why did the blind fly starve to death? Because he couldn't see shit.", "Want to save money on car insurance? Flee the scene!", "I invented a new word today... Plagiarism / ", "Where do birds meet for coffee? Nest-cafe", "How do you make a hot dog stand? Steal its chair.", "Chronic masturbators don't mind getting their hands dirty / ", "Whenever I go to the park and someone asks me which child is mine, I like to tell them I'm still deciding. / ", "Sometimes I watch football holding a PlayStation controller just to screw with girlfriends head.", "You haven't truly won an argument until the other person says \"whatever.\"", "I keep trying to find the sum of 4 and zero but something\u2019s not adding up. / ", "I was going to quit all my bad habits for the new year, but then I remembered that nobody likes a quitter.", "Why was the mathematician late for work? He took the rhombus. ", "My penis fell off, so I gave the wife a bollocking.", "A woman met a man walking along the street wearing only one shoe. 'Just lost a shoe?' she asked. He answered, 'Nope, just found one'.", "My doctor told me to eat more Taco Bell today. Technically he said, 'Less McDonald's' but I'm pretty sure I knew what he meant.", "I have a button on my microwave that says \"stop time\". I assume it means the timer but I don't touch it, just in case.", "I used to be a schizophrenic. But we're okay now.", "Valentines is 3 days away. You still have time to break up with your boyfriend or girlfriend before it's too late!", "I, for one, like Roman Numerals", "Celebrity Big Brother", "What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!", "I have enough money to last me the rest of my life. Unless I buy something.", "Just saw a politician trying to save both faces.", "I googled \"how to start a wildfire\" and I got 50,000 matches. / ", "Some mistakes are just too much to do only once.", "I just ate some mustard and had the strangest feeling that I had eaten it before. Dijon vu..", "I didn't like the food on my flight home. It was too plane.", "It's a shame that stupidity can't be converted into a usable energy source.", "College is just high school with more expensive books.", "Did you hear about the two blind gay guys? You've got to hand it to them.", "Two cheerleaders ended up married, they met by chants.", "Money isn't everything. You're credit is, however.", "How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb? It's an obscure number you've probably never heard of.", "Is it better to have loved a midget, than never to have loved a tall?", "My wife never exercises, but says she's going to start doing yoga. I thought, \"that's a stretch.\" / ", "I got a part in the movie cocaine. I only had one line.", "A woman walked into a library and asked for a book on euphemisms. So the librarian took her up the rear aisle and let her have it.", "Hmmmm, I love smoothies.....so much nicer than hairies !! / ", "A girl went into the doctor's office with a strawberry up her ass. The doctor said I've got some \"cream\" for that.", "I seriously hate it when a couple starts having an argument in front of you. They could have least waited until I got dressed and left.", "Say \"poo\" and your mouth does the same motion as your anus. The exact same can be said for \"violent explosive diarrhoea\"", "What did Mr.T say when he saw a fat lady at the bar? I pity the stool!", "All countries eventually got Covid, but China got it right off the bat. / ", "If I had a dollar for every time someone called my ex wife ugly...\nI would have stayed with her for the money.", "Scientists have proven that anything can sound impressive if you say scientists have proven it. / ", "One of the best things about living I Sweden? Well, the flag is a big plus.", "Considering we can't tickle ourselves I'd say we got pretty fucking lucky with masturbation / ", "Sharpies sell so well because they are so mark-it-able. / ", "An erection is a dick move. / ", "A funeral was held today for the inventor of air conditioning. Thousands of fans attended.", "I was going to sue a neurosurgeon, but then he changed my mind.", "I like my women like I like my hot tubs: So hot I can only stay in them for 30 seconds. / ", "Nothing embarrasses a psychic more than throwing them a surprise party.", "I was riding a horse and it's leg broke so I had to shoot it. I'm not allowed on the carousel anymore.", "An angel came and told me God has been hearing my prayers...and they're really creeping Him out.", "What does a necrophiliac get at a funeral? Mourning wood", "I guess flat earthers don't believe in global warming. For them it's just plain warming / ", "Why are wrong numbers never busy?", "I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places.", "I think shooting for the stars is a waste of ammunition.", "A guy sticks his head in the barber shop and asks how long till he can get a haircut. The barber replies, \"About another half inch.\" ", "I'm pretty sure Dora the Explorer is the maid on Family Guy.", "Don't lie to me! That's what the government does!", "What happens when Batman sees Catwoman? The Dark Knight Rises.", "The first person who pulled an egg out from under a chicken's butt and ate it must have been really freaking hungry.", "I can't figure out how to operate my automatic transmission car, it didn't come with a manual. / ", "I don't plan to put up solar panels, but if you do, more power to you. / ", "I love my alarm clock. It's the reason I get up in the morning.", "Whenever it rains, my wife just stands at the window looking kind of sad. Maybe I should let her in.", "How constipated would you be if you couldn't take a crap until you gave a shit? / ", "I think the worst part about being an Asian is trying to tell whether you blinked in a picture or not.", "How do color blind people see porn? In fifty shades of gray. ", "\"Vodka! Whiskey! Tequila!\" I call the shots!", "I can always tell when they use fake dinosaurs in movies. / ", "I've been told I'm not ambitious enough. If only there was an olympic sport for being a lazy bastard. That bronze medal would be mine.", "A judge wandering the Sahara grants people just deserts. / ", "Why did the old man hate living next to the tennis courts? He couldn't stand all the racket", "My New Year's resolution is going to be 1080p. / ", "My dad used to be really good at russian roulette. / ", "Got caught having a pee in the local swimming pool today. Lifeguard shouted so loud, I almost fell in...", "Did you hear about the limo driver who was in business for 25 years without a single customer? All that time and nothing to chauffeur it.", "My wife was addicted to mud wrestling. She's been clean now for 6 months.", "If you fall once, get up. If you fall twice, get up. If you fall for the third time, tie your shoelaces already.", "Lance is an uncommon name today, in medieval times men were named Lance a lot. / ", "My carbon monoxide detector won\u2019t stop beeping, and its giving me a headache and dizziness and nausea. / ", "My mind is like a t.v. remote, I lose both on a regular basis. / ", "What did the cheese say when it saw it's self in the mirror? Halloumi!", "Gordon Ramsay should be Thyme magazine\u2019s person of the year. / ", "A woman looked in the mirror and was shocked to see her first strands of grey hair. She thought she'd dye.", "There must be an easier way to transport long poles over a canyon or between two tall buildings than walking across a tightrope carrying one at a time... / ", "My news years resolution is to save up and buy a velcro wall..and I plan on sticking to it!", "I don't know why, but someone keeps mysteriously adding soil to my allotment patch each night. The plot thickens.", "Guests, like fish, begin to smell after three days.", "What's brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre.", "\"Socrates died from an overdose of wedlock.\"", "Why didn't the skeleton ask anyone on a date? He didn't have the guts!", "Women are like hurricanes. First they blow you and then you lose your house.", "My best mate died after taking an 'E'. The security at the Countdown TV studio don't mess about!", "I cannot count how many times I failed math. / ", "As i handed my mom her 60th birthday card today she said \"One would've been enough\". ", "What's better than eating a mandarin? Eating Amanda out.", "I just got off the phone with my mother. She called 12 years ago.", "Yo Mamma so fat I took a picture of her last Christmas and its still printing.", "This annoying guy on the bus wouldn't stop asking questions about how the journey would end. So I told him where to get off.", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Alex. Alex who? Alex the questions around here!", "If steroids are illegal for athletes, Photoshop should be for models.", "Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest.", "Had sex with a transvestite the other day. She took it like a man.", "I've heard that Lorena Bobbitt doesn't get stuck in traffic because she's always cutting off dicks. / ", "My girlfriend left me for an Indian guy. It's okay, I know he's going to treat her well. I heard they worship cows", "BREAKING NEWS: Multiple reindeer face trial after allegations of discrimination / ", "My favourite film without a doubt, is Mrs Fire. / ", "I've just invented a new word:\"Plagiarism\".", "I sat down with my teenage daughter yo have the 'Birds and the Bees' chat. I learned a lot. / ", "Checked out a nudist camp today, but the sign said \"Clothed till May\". / ", "What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip.", "Nickelback walks into a bar...there is no punch line cause ruining music isn't funny.", "Just imagine, for a moment, if there were no hypothetical situations. / ", "I tried to enjoy my everything-bagel, but it was just missing something. / ", "If you eat enough of those \"special brownies\"......You'll get a Pot belly. / ", "Atheism is a non-prophet organization.", "What do you call a whale with no pants on? Free Willy.", "This song is called subtraction Take it away!", "What's the the key to telling an ISIS joke? The execution.", "People with ADHD should be sent to concentration camps / ", "\"Describe yourself in three words.\" \"Lazy.\"", "Lap band surgery: waist knot, want not. / ", "How do you get 30 drunk Canadians out of the pool. \"Please get out of the pool\".", "They used to be called \"jumpolines\" until your mom jumped on one in 1972. / ", "I'd put more jokes about sex on here but I don't know much about it. I'm a married man.", "The older I get, the earlier it gets late. / ", "Research shows that 6 out of 7 dwarves aren't Happy.", "A guy shows up late for work. The boss yells \"You should have been here at 8:30!\" he replies: \"Why? What happened at 8:30?\"", "Wrestling is a sport, where you literally fight in underwear, to win a belt. / ", "My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance; we\u2019ll see about that.... / ", "\u201cAdvice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.\u201d", "Getting your shit together is a direct violation of the Law of Entropy. / ", "When she set my hair on fire before cunnilingus, I knew I was going down in flames. / ", "Floppy disks are like Jesus- they died to become the icon of saving. / ", "\"If women ruled the world,\" said my wife, \"there'd be no wars.\" \"That's true,\" I replied. \"Wars require strategy and logic.\"", "I would never want to belong to any club that would have someone like me for member.", "I'm not sure what shocked my mailman more, the fact that I came to the door completely naked, or the fact that I knew where he lived. / ", "Hands up if you like armed robbers. / ", "What does seven days without exercise make? One weak ", "Conversations in space tend to be vacuous. / ", "A: Hey, man! Please call me a taxi. \nB: Yes, sir. You are a taxi.", "Why are there no transvestites in space? Because there is zero drag.", "If there was a hero that saved people from awkward conversations, he'd be more popular than Superman.", "All atheists are hypocrites. Why, you say? They've all taken math. 2^4 is a higher power.", "My parents used to be happy when I took naps..now they think I'm lazy.", "The shinbone is a device to find furniture in a dark room. / ", "What did the pirate do after his parrot bit off his genitals? He got a woodpecker.", "What is the main cause of divorce? Marriage.", "I'm 36 but have the body of an 18-year-old.  The police are pretty upset about it.", "Where are average things built?In the satisfactory.", "Why don't cannibals like clowns? Cos they taste funny.", "I was in Ferguson, got jumped by 5 black guys. It started right up, they said I just need to replace the battery.", "Did you know, taller people sleep longer in bed ? / ", "What do you call a little Mexican? A paragraph, because he's not quite an essay.", "I cannot stand being fat. / ", "Always remember what my late Grandad said to me. 'Sorry I'm late'", "Goat cheese is the greatest cheese of all time. / ", "If you're literally asking me to choose between our relationship and my obsession with pointing out doors to people, well..There's the door.", "Every pizza is a personal pizza, if you believe in yourself. / ", "Any room is a panic room, if you've lost your phone in it. / ", "Why is the alcoholic law student sad? Because he couldn't pass the bar.", "No means no, unless she's dyslexic. Then it's on!", "Why did the chicken cross the basketball court? He heard the ref was blowing fouls", "My girlfriend introduced handcuffs into our sexual relationship... By calling the police and telling them \"there's a stalker in my bedroom\" / ", "Grandma opens a present with a pair of earrings and grandpa leans over and says,\"what are those, fish hooks?\"", "Where do boats go when they are sick? The dock.", "I don't consider myself bald. I consider myself taller than my hair.", "I finally got around to finishing \u201cMein Kampf\u201d, amazing twist ending... it turns out the Jews did it! / ", "lAre you thinking what I'm thinking that I think that you're thinking I'm thinking because if you think that I think we've got a problem.", "Jokes about German sausages are the wurst / ", "Titanic 3D is out. You guys think they'll see the iceberg this time?", "I'm here to self deprecate and chew bubble gum, and I forgot to bring gum because I'm the worst. / ", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Dwayne. Dwayne who? Dwayne the bathtub, I'm dwowning.", "My boss gave me a new project and said he needs it by yesterday, so I took time off from that project to research how to build a time machine / ", "When I was young I used to think Earwigs actually lived in your ears! You can imagine how terrified I was of cockroaches!", "Among men, length of marriage correlates positively with hair loss.", "They say the best way to make a cup of tea is to agitate the bag. So I poke the mrs and say put the kettle on fatty.", "\"One man's trash is another man's treasure\" is a great saying, but a terrible way to tell your kids that they're adopted.", "You put the \u201csexy\u201d in \u201cdyslexic.\u201d / ", "i went to the book store to ask for a book about turtles, the lady working there asked \"hardback?\", \"yes, and small heads\" / not my own joke but had to share as it wasnt on this subreddit!\n", "I'm an archaeologist and my life is in ruins / ", "Why does a flamingo lift up one leg? Because if it lifted both it would fall over.", "The gender neutral term for sugar daddy is glucose guardian / ", "Went to a chemist yesterday and said to the pharmacist \"Excuse me I'm after some condoms\" \"Just a minute\" he replied. I said\"Yes thats them\"", "I tried cooking with wine yesterday for the very first time...after 5 glasses I forgot why I was in the kitchen. / ", "Selling porn is gross but selling food and small household items is grocer. / ", "I don't fuck with the metric system, I pound it. / ", "The man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran.", "I slept in the kitchen last night. Why? Because I wanted breakfast in bed.", "Not gonna lie, i sleep standing up / ", "Two deer walk out of a gay bar. One turns and says to the other, \"I can't believe I just blew 30 bucks in there.", "What do you say to God when he sneezes?", "I'd be a human supremacist if I didnt believe in aliens / ", "I was the first person to injure themselves during The Safety Dance.", "Boffolaz / Boffolas (quip & bon mot) & One-liners! Flying & floating thoughts. Some time 'Hatke' also...['Boffolaz'](http://boffolaz.wordpress.com)", "i always wondered why a male sheep is called a \"ram\", then it hit me. / ", "Dim light bulbs or bright light bulbs, Watts the difference. / ", "The secret to a great Hawaiian pizza is to cook it at aloha temperature. / ", "Are comedians funny or did they just never grow up?", "Halloween: the only day you can get away with killing someone and leaving them on the front porch.", "Why don't oysters give to charity? Cos they're shellfish.", "We once had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope and Steve Jobs.  Now we have no Cash, no Hope and no Jobs. Please don't let Kevin Bacon die!", "As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.", "No wonder newborn babies cry. They've got nothing to eat, no clothes and they already owe the government money.", "What do you call a vehicle with no fuel in Africa? Outtagascar", "I had a bukkake party last night. It was a disaster. Nobody came.", "I\u2019m so old, the last time I used Tinder, it caught fire. / ", "Viagra won't make you James Bond but it will make you Roger Moore.", "\"Now, how's he gonna read that magazine all rolled up like that?\" thought the spider.", "Probably the worst thing you can hear when you\u2019re wearing a bikini is \u201cGood for you!\u201d / ", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Europe. Europe who? Don't call me a poo!", "Rapes are fucking cases / ", "Yesterday, a feminist asked me how I view lesbian relationships. Apparently 'In HD' wasn't the correct answer.", "_______________________ / ", "How do you make a cat flap? Throw it off a cliff.", "Whoever put the \"b\" in \"subtle\" was a clever fuck. / ", "When I asked a taxidermist what she did for a living, she replied with \"You know, stuff.\" / ", "Socks have the highest divorce rate.", "I just got back from my mates funeral, He was killed by a tennis ball. It was a cracking service.", "The past, the present and the future were having an argument. It was tense.", "Singing in the shower is all fun and games until you get shampoo in your mouth. Then it just becomes a soap opera.", "I just met the girl of my dreams. I forgot about her just a few minutes after I saw her.", "Sean Connery is 84 Roger Moore is 87 Pierce Brosnan is 61 Daniel Craig is 47. Ooh yeah.. I'm really into Bond age.", "If you ever get attacked by a circus, go for the juggler.", "So two dyslexics walk into a bra.", "Red wine and fish don't mix, in fact, mine died. / ", "- What do you call a truck load of vibrators? Toys for twats", "Martin Luther King Day: A day for all us white people to be embarrassed by our ancestors.", "RIP boiling water, you will be mist. / ", "It doesn\u2019t matter what it is. If it glows in the dark, It's automatically cool.", "What's blue and comes in pints? A Whale.", "Do you think when midgets take drugs they get medium instead of high?", "The fastest land animal is a guy who sees a girl, about to go through his phone. / ", "Ron Jeremy's first pet was named Jeremy, and he grew up on Ron Street. / ", "I hate being bi-polar it\u2019s amazing. / ", "Most people go to sleep but a kleptomaniac takes a nap. / ", "What does Donald Trump tell Barack Obama supporters? Orange Is The New Black", "I've got a perfect chicken proof garden. It's impeccable", "I just spotted an albino Dalmatian, I mean, it was the least I could do. / ", "What concert costs 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickleback.", "I took the rear view mirror out of my car, and since then..I've never looked back", "For a Jewish carpenter, Jesus was well hung. / ", "As soon as I finish wiping is when my bowels choose to RELEASE THE KRACKEN", "I found out recently that my wife had an affair with a dwarf. I can't believe she would stoop so low.", "Why is an elephant big, grey and wrinkly? Cos if it was small, white and smooth it would be an aspirin.", "What did the grape say when it was stepped on? Nothing, it just gave a little wine.", "If I had a crystal ball I'd sit down very carefully. / ", "Why don't Baptists screw standing up? They're afraid people might think they're dancing.", "What do you call a stoner with down syndrome? A baked potato.", "I don't want to know about willful ignorance. / ", "I've lost loads of weight this month! This whole 'not having any money for food' thing is really working out well.", "My mate just spent \u00a330 on a chicken that doesn't lay eggs. Cock.", "don't judge a book by its movie.", "The word, \u201cdiputseromneve\u201d may look ridiculous, but backwards, it\u2019s even more stupid. / ", "Just told my joke about Peter Pan again. Never gets old.", "My wife's head just spun around and then she vomited green slimeI've no idea what's possessed her.", "What does an angry pepper do? It gets jalepe\u00f1o face. ", "How is it possible to have a 'civil' war?", "I singlehandedly watched thousands of hours of porn / ", "Why didn't the skeleton ask the witch to the ball? Because he didn't have the guts.", "What did the shetland pony say when he had a sore throat? Sorry. I'm a little horse.", "Is it better to cheat, or repeat? #school", "I wasn't sure about using \"Zoom\", until I looked at it a little closer. / ", "How do you keep a turkey in suspense? I'll tell you tomorrow.", "Digging a girl.. With a shovel.", "I think we're in for a bad spell of wether.", "Just invited my friends round for a Vodka party. Everyone was in great spirits.", "How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Only Juan.", "Whose cruel idea was it for the word 'lisp' to have an s in it?", "A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.", "Covid Vax / The russian government Putin lot of efforts to make the covid 19 vaccine possible.", "What do you get when you cross a Mexican with an octopus? I don't know, but it can sure pick lettuce", "When someone says. \"It tastes like crap.\" ....how do they know?", "The Mrs left me because of my obsession with Phil Collins. Well take a look at me now...", "Why did the painting go to jail? It was framed. ", "Why is it that when you transport something by car, its called a shipment, but when you transport something by ship, its called cargo?", "The only time incorrectly isn't spelled incorrectly is when it's spelled incorrectly.", "To do:\n1) Dig a hole\n2) Name it love\n3) Watch people fall in it", "My wife gave me a brochure on anger management the other day. I lost it.", "What do the donkeys in Blackpool get for their lunch? A half hour the same as everyone else.", "If you're bad at haggling, you'll end up paying the price. / ", "@doctormoose6 you've left?", "Sometimes I cry when cutting carrots just so the onions don't think they are ugly or something.", "There are 2 kinds of people - those who realize they've been given an incomplete set of data. / ", "My wallet is so fat it's uncomfortable to sit. #richpeopleproblems", "I was raised as an only child, which really annoyed my sister.", "What did Barack Obama say when he dropped his shell at the beach? Oh no Michelle!", "My blonde 19 year old next door neighbor has just asked me if I know about missing items from her washing line? I nearly shit her knickers", "I worked as a stand up comedian in a old peoples home once. None of them understood my jokes but they still pissed themselves.", "If vegetarians loved animals so much, they would stop eating all their food.", "If loving you is wrong, I've probably loved you.", "I did my personal best in the 100 metres yesterday..... 76 metres. / ", "How do you know an Asian broke into your home? Your dog has been eaten, math homework's done, and he's still trying to leave your driveway.", "I wrote a song about tortilla. Actually it's more of a wrap.", "I'm not bald, my forehead just extends to the back of my neck.", "It is easier to ask forgiveness than to ask permission.", "What do aliens use for currency? Starbucks ", "Sorry for the lack of updates. Will continue in the next couple of days", "I for one like Roman numerals / ", "I was so excited when the hosepipe ban was lifted. I wet my plants.", "Did you hear Mary had sex with god for cash? She just wanted to make a little prophet.", "I was so cold today that my jaw started to freeze..So I gritted my teeth.", "Why is the camel called the ship of the desert? Because its full of Arab semen", "My ex girlfriend was a girl called Anna Sthetic. She was a right knockout.", "Since it's the thought that counts, I'll just keep thinking about getting that colonoscopy.", "Are there really rhetorical questions?", "Why do you never make fun of a fat girl with a lisp? She's probably thick and tired of it", "Female wanted, must have own pub. Apply with inn.", "How do you keep a blonde busy for years? Tell her to count the stairs on an escalator.", "A sexy bird looked at my beer belly today and sarcasticly asked \"Is it Fosters or Stella?\" I replied \"there's a tap underneath, taste it!\"", "How many sound technicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? One two, One two", "I would rather kill myself than commit suicide.", "I\u2019ll just leave this here / ", "Press Alt + F4 to finish the joke..", "What do you call a woman juggling 3 pints of beer? Beatrix. What do you call a woman juggling 3 pints playing snooker? Beatrix Potter", "Some girl just said she wanted to have my children. Im dropping off my 2-year-old tomorrow.", "A cement mixer collided with a prison van. People are warned to be on the lookout for 15 hardened criminals.", "Do hot blondes get pop-ups saying, \"A 37 yr old ugly virgin from Solihull wants to have sex with you\"?", "How much did it cost the pirate to get his ears pierced? A buck an ear.", "How do you organize a space party? You planet.", "So I saw a magic tractor today. It was driving down the street and turned into a field.", "Junk is something you\u2019ve kept for years and throw away three weeks before you need it.", "What can be found in a Judge's freezer? Just ice.", "\"You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.\"", "I'm gonna make a book called there's Waldo. And you have to find everything else.", "What is E.T. short for? So he can fit on a spaceship.", "Hallmark Card: \"I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're still here.\"", "Why do birds fly south for the winter? Cos it's too far to walk.", "Give me the keys and I will drive you crazy. / ", "First day of my levitation course today. Went straight to the top of my class. / ", "\"They told me to play safe, so I played with one\" - Thief", "Just heard that Little Mix are playing Liverpool in December. They are expected to win 3-0.", "My driving instructor told me to wear a seatbelt or the force could throw me out of the car. I can't believe he thinks Star Wars is real.", "What does a clock do when it gets hungry? It goes back four seconds. ", "I bought my wife some of that \"volume control\" shampoo.\n\nDoesn't work, I can still hear her.", "lEarth is the insane asylum for the universe", "First rule of gun safety: Don't piss me off.", "Face is a four letter word, but preface is a foreword letter. / ", "I'm really tired from all of this metamorphosizing from a single cell.", "How many Christians does it take to change a light bulb? Three, but they're really only one.", "42.63% of all statistics are made up on the spot / ", "I thought Melania had been social distancing from Donald for several years? / ", "My wife dresses to kill! Unfortunately she cooks the same.", "Sometimes the road less traveled is less traveled for a reason.", "I call my weed The Koran, because burning that shit will get you stoned. / ", "My major league boyfriend choked up on the bat, now he\u2019s balling off / ", "I lent a hot girl my umbrella yesterday. That takes the number of girls I've made wet this year to -1.", "\"Two Mexicans walk into a bar. One of them goes \"Dios Mio that bar hurt!\"", "What begins with T, ends with T, and has T in it? A teapot.", "Why is it important to have plenty of help when changing a light bulb? Many hands make light work.", "I'm really starting to hate these stupid little Russian Dolls. They're so full of themselves.", "I had a dream I was swimming in a ocean of orange soda. Turns out it was just a Fanta Sea.", "There's no need for women to behave the way they do on their period. It's an ovary action.", "Have you heard about the Italian chef? He pasta way ", "Murder is a victimless crime. There's no victim left. / ", "Man: Doctor Doctor I keep thinking I'm a wigwam and a tepee. Doctor: Calm down, you're two tents.", "How do Malaysian airlines serve all their drinks? On the rocks", "Reptiles are so enthusiastic! They're always up for it, right from the gecko!", "I hit my wife in the face with a chocolate bar from 60 feet away. I've studied aerodynamics.", "Have you heard my under construction joke? It's not done yet.", "What do you suppose gives Stephen King nightmares?", "What if a butterfly got a tramp stamp of a trashy white girl?", "I don't use toilet paper. I use hindkerchifs.", "..and the Lord said unto John \"Come forth and receive eternal life\". But he came fifth and won a toaster.", "Saw a girl in the distance, she had horizon on me. / ", "Just changed my ringtone to a busy signal. Why haven't I thought of this before?", "As soon as COVID-19 started, it spread right off the bat. / ", "Me and the wife decided to make our own sex tape. She was pissed off though when I started holding auditions for her part.", "I was gonna tell a joke about pizza, but it's too cheesy.", "I start everyday with a sit up. I've done nearly 10,000 so far.", "It all makes sense. If pro is opposite of con, then the opposite of progress..", "My dad told me to stop using such high calibre rounds when we were out hunting. As usual, it went in one deer and out the other.", "I think I'm gonna get a cat just to blame it all the time for being a pussy.", "I took out a loan to pay for an exorcism. If I don\u2019t pay it back, I\u2019m going to get repossessed / credit to comedian Olaf Falafel", "To pirate any movie you like, just rate it 3.14. / ", "I've just joined a dating site for arsonists. They send me new matches every week. / ", "It's real hard being a single mother when you're male and In your mid-twenties.", "I think the worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades...or a game of fake heart attack.", "What do ya call a woman who throws all her bills on the fire? Bernadette", "Stevie Wonder was given a cheese grater for his birthday. He said that was the most violent book he'd ever read!", "Thanksgiving: Another excuse for Americans to eat all day.", "I've decided to sell my vacuum cleaner. It was just gathering dust.", "My dog is named Minton. Today he ate a shuttlecock.. Bad Minton!", "Masturbation is like procrastination\u2014it\u2019s all good fun until you realize you\u2019re just fucking yourself. / ", "How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb? Only two, but they have to be really small.", "\"DANGER, DO NOT TOUCH\" must be the scariest thing to read in Braile. / ", "I used to be in a band called The Hinges before we collaborated with The Handles to form The Doors / ", "They say nothing rhymes with orange. They're wrong. Nothing doesn't rhyme with orange.", "Why don't owls go on dates when it's raining? Because it's too wet to woo.", "My telescope broke the other day and I was hoping the local observatory could repair it. They said they'd look into it.", "Two vultures board an airplane, each carrying two dead raccoons. The stewardess says: \"Sorry, gentlemen, only one carrion per passenger.\"", "The rotation of the planet Earth really makes my day!", "My crazy mate just jumped into a river in Paris. He's in Seine.", "Women live longer than men beacuse most of them don\u2019t have a wife. / ", "A book fell on Sean Connery's head. He replies \"I only have my shelf to blame\".", "When it comes to anagrams, I don't know my earholes from my arsehole.", "Going to mcdonalds for a Salad is like going to a hooker for a hug.", "I just can't see myself wearing camouflage / ", "My wife said our marriage is becoming stale because I'm not spontaneous. So I waited until she fell asleep and shaved her eyebrows off.", "How babies learn to walk is staggering. / ", "Just bought a 12-ounce pound cake. How does That work?!", "My friend told me he was going to a fancy dress party as an Italian island. I said to him 'Don't be Sicily'", "When I was older, I used to love playing around with time machines. / ", "I had a guy message me saying, \" you, are stunning\" I replied, \"yes, and straight too.\"", "I've always wanted to learn how to juggle. I just don't have the balls to do it.", "Magicians make people disappear all the time! But as soon as I take and hide a regular person everyone freaks out!", "My wife asked me if we could have something more 'Christmassy' on the television. So I put Fifa on and played in snowy conditions.", "Did you hear about the photographer that got locked in his darkroom? He died of exposure. It was not a pretty picture.", "What's black and white and eats like a horse? A zebra.", "Why is Darth Vader so famous? He was the first black man to admit he is the father. ", "You compliment your friend on their mustache and suddenly she doesn't talk to you anymore. WTF?", "If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.", "What's the difference between erotic and kinky? Erotic, you use a feather.  Kinky, you use the whole chicken.", "Perspective is in the eye of the beholder.", "I used to date a girl with one leg who worked at a brewery. She was in charge of the hops.", "Kid wanted to open a can with his toy sword but it was only hokey pokey / ", "I accidentally gave my girlfriend a glue stick instead of chapstick. She's still not talking to me.", "I hate when I lose my white friends in the snow", "What do you call a female peacock? A peacunt.", "If your parents never had children, chances are you won't, either.", "Bill Gates has agreed to pay for the completion of Trumps wall, on the condition he gets to install Windows. / ", "What did the kid with no hands get for Christmas?\n\nGloves.\n\nJust kidding, he hasn't gotten the box open yet.", "Police have warned that a man who held people hostage in a bowling alley, is likely to strike again. / ", "My brother is in prison for something he didn't do--run fast enough.", "The inventor of predictive text has died. His funfair will be hello on Sundial.", "What do you call a deaf man with no limbs? Whatever you want.", "What did Santa Claus\u2019s wife say during a thunderstorm? Come and look at the rain, dear.", "I got this really cute girl's number today.\nI'm starting to think that I should cause car accidents more often.", "Why should you always bring a bag of chips to a party? In queso emergency.", "It's quite ironic that, \"strap on\", backwards, spells, \"no parts.\" / \n", "A termite walks into a bar and asks, \"is the bar tender here?\".", "I found a testicle from a computer generated character. It must be symbolic / ", "Every time I ask my doctor to check my prostate he gives me the finger / ", "Why did the golfer wear two pairs of trousers? In case he got a hole in one!", "My uncle was jailed for his beliefs. He believed you could wank on the bus.", "Two cannibals eating a clown. One turns to the other and says \"This taste funny to you?\"", "I say the right things, to the wrong people.", "I have a large seashell collection, which I keep scattered on beaches all over the world.", "A closed mouth gathers no foot.", "That Ke$ha song, Blah Blah Blah, the Chase she was talking about, yeah. It's me.", "X / Anal sex is the new colonoscopy", "Women only call me ugly until they find out how much money I make. Then they call me ugly and poor.", "I'm having car trouble. I can't afford to put the gas in.", "Ah, Scotland. The place where even men are a little nervous about getting on escalators. / ", "The cops issued a warrant because I was stealing baby sheep and riding them, so now I\u2019m on the lamb. / ", "Who decided to call it \"marijuana possession\" and not \"joint custody?\" / ", "5/4ths of people have problems with fractions.", "Have YOU had to walk 500 miles? Were you advised to walk 500 more? You could be entitled to compensation. Call the Pro Claimers NOW.", "Two blondes fell down a hole. One said, \"It's dark in here isn't it?\" The other replied, \"I don't know; I can't see.\"", "A cop just knocked on my door and told me that my dogs were chasing people on bikes. My dogs don't even own bikes... / ", "Got out of the shower and my\u00a0wife\u00a0said \"Look, its like a penis, only smaller\". I said \"Look, its like my secretary, only fatter and less flexible\".", "I man went into space; it took his breath away. / ", "What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.", "animal behavior can warn you when something is coming. Like the night before that last earthquake hit, our  dog took the car and drove off", "There is no level of trust equal to that of cannibals giving each other oral sex. / ", "Just knocked over my Sports Direct mug and flooded my entire house.", "What does a skeleton order at a restaurant? Spare ribs.", "What do u call a cold burrito? A brrrrrrrito", "My friend Jay recently had twin girls and wanted to name them after him, so I suggested Kaye and Elle. / ", "DID YOU HEAR FRANCE HAS A NEW NATIONAL FLAG? It is white with a white stripe and a white star!", "Not happy with my camping trip travel insurance. Apparently If someone steals my tent in the night, I'll no longer be covered.", "In 20 years people be debating whether or not it has always been spelled Jeffrey Epstain. / ", "Scientists say that sniffing Rosemary can increase memory by 75 percent, but every time I try she slaps me and says I'm a creep.", "Really cheesed off. Every morning a huge German Shepherd shits on my front lawn. Today, to make matters worse, he brought his dog.", "Bartender says, a Corona and 2 hurricanes, that'll be $20.20 / ", "My mate just showed me his amazing new wind turbine..I was blown away!", "I used to be in a band called \u201cMissing puppy\u201d You probably saw our posters / ", "A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.", "One thing my dad told me, \"Son never explain yourself to anyone!\" He never did tell me why!! / ", "Help keep America beautiful. Stay in your house!", "After a bad day I came home to find that somebody has ripped the front and back pages from my dictionary. It just goes from bad to worse.", "What do you get if you cross a witch and an iceberg? A cold spell.", "I wanna throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted.", "I waited for my wife to leave then went upstairs and slipped on a pair of her knickers. I wish she wouldn't leave them lying around like that.", "I once had a girlfriend who could look into the future. She left me before we met.", "What do you call a fish with three eyes? Fiiish", "Contact Jack for any Hacking Deal / Contact Jack, He is always ready to render his services, hire him and he won't disappoint you. He can help hack into any device, social networks including- Facebook, Hangouts, I messages, Twitter account, Snapchat, Instagram, tracking, surveillance footage, Grades hacking, Credit card top ups, Clearing any form of record, etc. \n\nPI: Specialized in exposing cheating spouse, The demand for hacking is very high these days and there are lots of people who want to know how to hack their Spouse Phone and other smart phones without them knowing just to prove their infidelity and as well find out about their cheating acts. Catch a Cheating Spouse by Hacking their Phone Remotely.\n\nContact: jackadamsxx2@gmail.com", "I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with \u201cGuess\u201d on it\u2026so I said \u201cImplants?\u201d", "What famous pig signed the Declaration of Independence? John Hamcock!", "Blind people sure do walk their dogs a lot. / ", "I think the reason so many Egyptian crocodiles believe that the moon landings were faked is because a lot of them are just in denial. / ", "The last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket was \" Hey, how far do you think I can kick this bucket?\" / ", "Working at a prison for violent poets is full of prose and cons. / ", "To the guy who invented zero, thanks for nothing! / ", "I was once cast as Oliver in a silent interpretation of Oliver Twist, It was brilliant. I couldn't ask for more!", "I saw a girl fully clothed walking by me at the mall earlier today, 'Skank' I thought to myself, 'I bet she's naked under all those clothes'", "Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience", "I've just bought a border collie.The one I already had wasn't bored enough.", "What did the scientist say when he found two helium atoms? HeHe", "A guy walks into a bar and says \"ow\"", "I met my wife on the net. We were both terrible trapeze artists.", "2020 / ", "A man had 33 bulls and 33 cows Each pair had a calf. He thought he now had 99 cattle, but he had 100. When he rounded them up.", "I told my new yoga teacher I was an expert. She asked me to show the class a very advanced pose. This put me in a difficult position.", "Why are all blonde jokes one-liners? So men can understand them.", "So I was getting into my car, and this bloke says to me \"Can you give me a lift?\" \"Sure, you look great, the world's your oyster, go for it\"", "What's round and bad-tempered? A vicious circle.", "Please don't interupt me while im ignoring you.", "A 40-year-old man called me swell. What the heck do I do now?", "Eating watches is time consuming. / .", "Polaroids: what polar bears get from sitting on the ice.", "Someone ripped the pages out of both ends of my dictionary today. It just goes from bad to worse!", "Grandad leant over to Grandma \"I just let out a silent fart, what do you think I should do?\" Grandma \"Put a new battery in your hearing aid\"", "Whenever i watch The Titanic I get a sinking feeling.", "What has four letters, occasionally has twelve letters, always has six letters, but never has five letters. / ", "My wife caught me in bed with an optical illusion.I told her it's not what it looks like.", "lGet plenty of sleep. Be kind to your mind. You'll miss it when it's gone.", "I don't skinny dip, I phanny float!", "The things that come to those who wait, may be the things left by those who got there first.", "The world record for biggest gender reveal party was in 1945 when Japan found out the United States had a Little Boy / ", "Did you hear which major department store is considering opening a couple of stores in Iraq? TARGET!", "I never win at Scrable.", "What did the depressed ghost say to the psychiatrist? Thanks for lifting my spirits.", "I'm sweet like a box of chocolates, so eat me! / ", "My grandfather was a baker for the army. When he went to war, he went in all buns glazing.", "I got my hair cut yesterday. At first I didn't like it, but it's growing on me.", "Child Psychologists hear the most touching stories. / ", "Whoever stole my Microsoft Office, I'm coming after you. You have my word", "What if global warming was just the result of the rapidly increasing number of super hot women populating our Planet? \ud83d\ude05 / ", "A dyslexic man walks in to a bra... / ", "Who's the coolest guy at the hospital? The ultrasound guy! But what about when he's not there? The hip replacement guy!", "According to all the latest reports, there was no truth in any of the earlier reports.", "I can't stand being a double amputee!!! / ", "I hope Elon Musk never gets involved in a scandal, because Elongate, would be really drawn out. / ", "A dyslexic, agnostic insomniac lays awake all night wondering if there really is a dog. / ", "Christians are messy people. Name another group that manages to stain their windows. / ", "An army of babies should be called an infantry / ", "My friend drowned, and at the funeral, we got him flowers in the shape of a life vest. It's what he would have wanted.", "A birdie told me I'm getting better at golf.", "Every time I see you I think about how much of a waste that 100 million years was.", "What did the Zombie plumber cry? DRAAAAAINS. ", "I saw a midget dressed like Hitler yesterday and I thought.. \"that's a little racist\".", "I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She replied \"Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!\" I said \"Wow!\" Then her friend said \"She means 6663629\".", "I went up to Mr. T and said, \"I'm going to cook you a dessert.\" He said, \"Try fool!\" I said, \"No, strawberry cheesecake, actually.\"", "I'm sick and tired of people soaking my floor with their wet umbrellas when they come over to visit. I think it's time to make a stand.", "Once I saw spray paint cans in the alley, I knew the writing was on the wall. / ", "Procrastination has it's good side. You always have something to do tomorrow.", "Did you hear about the bastard frog? It was a tad unexpected. ", "I wanted to have sex with my girlfriend, but she was on her period. So I had to pull some strings.", "Facebook is like jail. You sit around and waste your time, you write on walls, and poke people you don't know.", "How does a Lead Guitar player change a light bulb? He doesn't, he just steals someone else's light!", "i hate capitalization and punctuation / ", "Remember, because of synonyms \"Forgive me Father for I have sinned,\" and \"Sorry Daddy, I've been naughty,\" are the same sentence. / ", "My smart phone doesnt work. I push home and I'm still at work.", "Writing is nature's way of letting you know how sloppy your thinking is.", "Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired.", "My apathy is at an all time whatever.", "What do you call a monkey in a minefield? A baboom.", "I rang the council today to ask if I could have a skip outside my house? The bloke said \"You can cartwheel around the block for all I care\".", "I can't access my acupuncture account, because I have forgotten my pin. / ", "What's the difference between a joke and two dicks? You can't take a joke.", "What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his butt.", "Thank god for nipples! Without them, boobs would be pointless.", "Icescapee: The ice cube that ends up on the floor when you break a new tray of ice.", "\"Thanks to the Interstate Highway System, it is now possible to travel from coast to coast without seeing anything.\"", "Janitors in skyscrapers are high maintenance / ", "Gynaecologist, at your cervix.", "What did the green grape say to the purple grape? Breathe damnit breathe!", "My ex-wife hated my obsession with horoscopes. It taurus apart.", "Good-humored dictums ?!? / #boffolaz ['Boffolaz'](https://boffolaz.wordpress.com/2020/08/26/good-humored-dictums/)", "I remember how much things changed when my last girlfriend got pregnant. Like my name, address and telephone number.", "My grandfathers funeral has cost us over \u00a314,000 so far..I knew it was a bad idea to bury him in a rented suit.", "I was ironing the curtains last night. Fell through the window!", "What's black and white and eats like a horse? A Zebra.", "Twinkle twinkle little slut, close your legs you filthy mutt.", "Did you hear about the apartment building that got blown up? Roomers were flying around.", "Was walking round Tesco's the other day and a bloke threw a big lump of cheese at me! I thought how dairy!", "One Bear.(That's the bear minimum)", "Not sure if the world is ready for ejaculating clocks but I guess we'll know when the time comes. / ", "Where does an Irish family go on vacation? A different bar.", "Wolf Whistler\u2019s mother chairs a rocking section stooped outside on his erection / ", "What do you call a surprised Chinese man? Ho Lee Fuk", "I love the looks people give me when I garden with no hoes.. Oh I mean shoes", "What word is always pronounced incorrectly? Incorrectly.", "Shout out to my boy Brian for saving 18 lives yesterday. Saved 2 cats from a tree.", "Why was the detective fired after the peanut factory robbery? Cos he refused to deal with a nut case.", "My priest said that masturbation was wrong in the eyes of jesus, so I started aiming for his tits instead. / ", "Opinions on incest are relative. / ", "Of course I talk to myself. Sometimes I need an expert opinion.", "Need a new book that will just blow your Mind? Read Twilight! You'll read a page and want to shoot yourself.", "A guy that's really bad at limbo walks into a bar. / ", "I just bought one of those real life sex dolls and she is so realistic that she only wants to be friends. / ", "Bullets are really weird because they only do their job after they\u2019re fired. / ", "What's the difference between a hockey player and a hippy chick? A hockey player showers after 3 periods.", "If you cannot find your dog, just open the fridge door, he's standing right behind you. / ", "You know what I find odd? Numbers that aren't divisible by 2.", "What's the definition of a microwave? A flea saying goodbye.", "I talked to a vegan yesterday. Man oh man I ended up having a beef with him. / ", "What are the pros and cons of wearing two watches? On one hand, you have a watch, but on the other hand, you have a watch.", "\"How To Keep Fit\" By Jim Nastics", "What is the difference between blondes and traffic signs?\n\nSome traffic signs say stop.", "I was once kidnapped by mimes and they did unspeakable things to me. / ", "I've just seen a one handed man shopping in a second hand store. / ", "Did you know Karl Marx's sister Onya invented the starting pistol. / ", "They say one in every seven friends have a gambling addiction. My money's on Dave.", "Why can't T-Rexes clap their hands? Cos they're extinct.", "\u200eIf you want to get something done, give it to a busy man.", "I think my brother is heading for another breakdown. He's an AA man.", "Proper lightening techniques in art can really capture the essence of thunder. / ", "Please reply if you don't get this message.", "I play triangle for a reggae band. It's pretty casual. I just stand at the back and ting.", "Have you heard of the corduroy pillow? Its making headlines.", "I still miss my ex-girlfriend, but my aim is improving", "I'm a magician who likes to make cocaine and marijuana disappear by using a bunch of smoke and mirrors. / ", "I have a twin brother, with a lisp... He's the spitting image of me. / ", "What do you call a snowman with a suntan? A puddle.", "I've just hired a hot 19 year-old Swedish girl with massive tits to babysit my kids. Now where the fuck do I get some kids from?.", "Is 'pussylips' one word, or should I spread them apart ? / ", "9/11 jokes are just plane wrong.", "Why was Michael Jackson once spotted at K-Mart? He heard child's pants were half off.", "What does diarrhea and a bar fight have in common? Blood on your stool.", "What happens if a book on how to fail, sells? Is it now a success?", "My wife left me for a midget the other day. This broke my heart, I couldn't believe she would stoop so low..", "Do you ever get the feeling you're being watched? Because if it's bothering you, I'll stop.", "The US is slowly moving toward the metric system, inch by inch. / ", "My local Balti house has a wardrobe that leads to a magical land. Naania.", "Marriage is like game of poker. You start with pair and end with full house.", "ThereS only one problem with my mid life crisis. I'm 16.", "\"Nothing is really lost until your mom can't find it.\"", "Two blondes were driving to Disneyland and the exit sign reads: DISNEYLAND LEFT. They started crying and headed home.", "I wonder why I'm walking on train rails. / Then it hit me.", "Shout-out to my self-aware friends - you know who you are / ", "Opportunity once knocked..but you don't want to know what it left.", "Return of the Jedi, is not possible without the Receipt of the Jedi. / ", "What are the benefits of moving to Switzerland? Well, the flag's a big plus!", "When I was in a supermarket I saw a man and a woman wrapped in a barcode. I asked, \"Are you two an item?\".", "I got my best friend a fridge for his birthday, I can\u2019t wait to see his face light up when he opens it. / ", "At the bank, I told the cashier, \"I'd like to open a joint account please.\" \nCashier: \"OK, with whom?\" \nMe: \"Whoever has lots of money.\"", "I got myself a new job in the telescope factory. Things are really looking up.", "Ambetextrous: able to text with both hands.", "Why is it always a good idea to pack asparagus when you go camping? In case your other agus breaks. ", "If moths like light so much, why don't they just come out during the day?", "Exaggerations went up by a million percent last year.", "What's 18 inches long and makes women scream at night? Crib Death.", "The wife thinks it's cruel we've started testing our new products on rabbits. She's got a point, I suppose. I work in a hammer factory", "How did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate his dinner before it was cool.", "What's a thesaurus's favorite cereal? Synonym Toast Crunch", "If Al Gore tried his hand as a musician, his album would be called Algorithms.", "Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff. Ba dum tish!", "I didn't like my beard at first but then it grew on me.", "Why are 9/11 victims the best readers? They can go through 94 stories in seconds!", "The state of Missouri has vigorously tried to get some of the other states bordering on the Mississippi River to join in an urgently needed flood control project. This is because Missouri loves company.", "I have an EpiPen. My friend gave it to me as he was dying. It seemed very important to him that I have it.", "I bought a necklace so that I could properly fasten my neck / ", "one liner / \\--------", "How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator?You will see one later and one in a while.", "If smoking marijuana causes short-term memory loss, what does smoking marijuana do? / ", "Approximately 56% of strippers are working their way through college, according to the latest pole !! / ", "It isn't an optical illusion. It just looks like one.", "Why did Lionel clean his room? Because it was Messi.", "I work in McDonald's and a customer was rude to me today, so I got him back by not putting any Coke in his drink. Just ice was served.", "Why did the French chef quit working at the haunted restaurant? He got cr\u00eaped out. ", "A signature always reveals a man's character - and sometimes even his name.", "When I was born, the doctor came  to the waiting room and said to my father, I'm very sorry. We did everything we could. But he pulled thru", "Dont make fun of fat people, they have enough on their plates.", "This guy just had a go at me for scratching his CD, so I ripped him a new one!", "My girlfriend said to me \"sex is better on vacation\". That wasn't a very nice postcard to receive.", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Disguise. Disguise who? Disguise d' limit !", "Let's learn the Canadian Eh B Cs! / ", "If Abraham Lincoln was alive today, he'd be desperately clawing the lid of his coffin. / ", "How do you make Holy water? You boil the Hell out of it. ", "I am becoming increasingly worried that there isn't enough anxiety in my life.", "Is it bad to hate a certain race? Because I absolutely loathe Rainbow Road.", "Our old sofa felt terrible.. but now it's fully recovered.", "Why do so many American kids die in school shootings? They're not allowed to run in the halls.", "To the people who are trying to overcome their paranoia, I'm behind you all the way. / ", "Did you hear about the burger van that crashed into the casino? There were chips everywhere.", "I do a ton of sit-ups every morning. That snooze button really gets a hammering.", "Valentine's Day: the reason so many people are born in November.", "I have a crank in my back, and it's really beginning to wind me up / ", "My Mrs just asked me, \"When we go to Egypt, can we go on a camel?\" I said \"Fuck off, it would take fucking ages to get there on a camel.\"", "Tried to catch fog today.... Mist. / ", "Where do suicide bombers go when they die? Everywhere!", "I thought if I took the shell off my racing snail it would go faster. If anything it seems more sluggish.", "What do you call an Irishman who bounces off of walls? Rick O'Shea.", "We had gay burglars the other night. They broke in and rearranged the furniture.", "When I asked the doctor if I could administer my own anesthetic, he said, \u201cGo ahead. Knock yourself out.\u201d / ", "I hurt my back hauling this huge package. Let me tell you, being a mailman.. it's hard. / ", "Always use a condom when having phone sex, or you might get hearing aids. / ", "I'm on a diet where I eat everything and hope for a miracle.", "Whoever stole my body wash better come clean!", "Women are reasonable! As long as we admit they're right, we don't have to agree to anything.", "What's the difference between sex and golf? In golf one bad hole won't kill you.", "Relationships are a lot like algebra. Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?", "Supervision: not as cool as it sounds.", "Some people have trouble sleeping, but I can do it with my eyes closed. / ", "I don't mind you talking so much, as long as you don't mind me not listening.", "Unicorns aren't extinct - they just gained weight and are now called rhinos", "Yo mama is so old her social security number is 1!", "Today I looked at my wife and thought: This is the only investment which has doubled in my lifetime.", "I've taken up speed reading. I can read 'War and Peace' in 20 seconds. It's only 3 words but it's a start.", "Can Mississippi wear Delaware's New Jersey? I don't know but Alaska", "I'd like to give a big shout out to all the partially deaf people out there. / ", "Shotgun Weddings : A wife or death situation.", "My wife and I always hold hands. If I let go she goes shopping.", "What's black and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre", "I didn't do too well in the pub quiz the other night..I know nothing about pubs.", "If life gives you melons, you may be dyslexic. / ", "What did the blonde say when her doctor told her that she was pregnant? \"Is it mine\"?", "Who picks up shit from a seeing eye dog?", "How did the hillbilly find his sister in the woods? Attractive.", "Did you hear about the prostitute that died and went to heaven? She traded her harp for an upright organ.", "Fashion is for people who care about what others think of them. / ", "I asked a Frenchman if he played video games. He said \"wii\".", "Pakistani cricketers. They'll give you a run for your money.", "The beauty about telling the truth is you never have to remember anything.", "Him: You're sexy!\nHer: And I Know it!\nHim: LMFAO, good one!", "\"Criminal Lawyer\"  is  redundant.", "I\u2019ve had a wonderful time but, this wasn\u2019t it / ", "Why can't a Tyrannosaurus Rex clap? Because they're dead.", "WARNING: If you do it right the first time, they'll ask you to do it again.", "I hate Lay's for selling me air in a bag with a little bit of chips.", "I hate it when my Ferrari runs out of gas and I have to drive my Lamborghini.", "I did not fall flat on my face. I was testing gravity, and just so you know, it still works.", "Past, Present and Future walked into a bar. It was tense.", "Comas make a big difference in a sentence. For example, Ben is in a hurry. Ben is in a coma.", "Why does a milking stool only have three legs? Because the cow has the udder.", "I have a \u00a350 note but it's made of metal..I think it may be forged.", "I cannot help being lazy. It walks in the family.", "Plugs keep bending? Straighten the outlet with a fork!", "What do prime numbers and stoners have in common? The higher they are, the more spaced out they get", "When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.", "Why do people always say that nothing rhymes with orange? When it doesn't!", "So much hate in America. Can't we all just get a bong ? / ", "A dog walker was found dead in the local park, police have found the dog, but as of yet, they have no lead.", "My girlfriend dressed up as a policewoman and told me I was under arrest on suspicion of being good in bed, but after 2 minutes, all charges were dropped due to a lack of evidence. / ", "What did one butt cheek say to the other? If we stick together, we can stop this shit.", "If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is it naked or homeless?", "Several toilets were stolen last night. Police say they have nothing to go on.", "Did you hear about the two gay ghosts? They put the willies up each other.", "What do you call an airplane that flies backwards? A receding airline", "A one armed man walks into a second hand shop. / ", "Did you hear about these new reversible jackets? I'm excited to see how they turn out.", "Why is it called it a paternity test and not a pop quiz? / ", "It's always funny until someone gets hurt. Then it's hilarious.", "My wife has no hands. I feel for her.", "Did you hear, there's no more ice in Poland? The old lady with the recipe died", "Jeffrey Dahmer thought Five Guys was delicious. / ", "What did the female dinosaur call her blouse business? Try Sarah's tops.", "Why does Michael J Fox make the best milkshakes? Because he uses the highest quality ingredients.", "Spent all day looking through my U2 CD collection for my favourite song. Still haven't found what im looking for.", "I once got asked if I knew the difference between ignorance and apathy. I told them I didn't know, and didn't care.", "I'd like to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather. Not screaming like the passengers on his bus.", "I was trying to fix my computer when I got a bad shock off the processor. It megaHz.", "Why is the hipster sweating? Because he wore a scarf before it was cool.", "The shovel was a truly groundbreaking invention / ", "Learning to love yourself is important. Just don't let your partner catch you doing it!", "I went to the supermarket to buy some ingredients to make soup, but they were out of stock.", "It's been a really bad day for me. Firstly, my girlfriend got run over by a bus.Then, I lost my job at the bus company.", "I went to a pet shop and put a sign saying 'CHAMELEON' next to an empty cage. \ud83e\udd8e / ", "Finding your lost luggage at the airport should be easy......however, that's not the case. / ", "The girl I lost my virginity to was retarded. I wanted my first time to be special.", "Your head is so big, your ears are in different time zones.", "My parents told me they didn't have children. Are you as confused as I am?", "I'm going to try winking as much in real life as I do in texts. ;)", "Two midget lesbians that are in the closet is called a liquor cabinet. / ", "I used to be a plastic surgeon. That raised a few eyebrows.", "George Washington could not tell a lie, and thus would be an abject failure in politics today.", "Accordion to a recent survey, replacing words with the names of musical instruments in a sentence often goes undetected.", "What do you call a poor Italian neighborhood? A speghetto. ", "Why did the blonde starve to death? Her new phone came with a little packet in the box that said, \"Do not eat.\"", "I'm heavily considering going on a diet. / ", "I'm trying to think of a weather pun, but my mind's kinda cloudy right now / ", "I had an argument with my friend about his small boat. We fell out.", "All generalizations are wrong. / ", "I wonder if earth makes fun of other planets for having no life.", "When I was young I used to pray for a bike, then I realized that God doesn't work that way, so I stole a bike and prayed for forgiveness.", "Body Spam: Unsolicited body contact.", "Why are they called apartments, when they're all stuck together?", "What do you cal a fly that has retired? A flew.", "What do vegetarian zombies eat? Graaaaaains.", "How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for fresh prints.", "How does a medium talk with shoes?\nShe converses", "Weaving $100 bills into a belt is a waist of money. / ", "Vampires can't see themselves in a mirror, so how come their hair is always so perfect?", "I took a urine test at the hospital today. My kleptomania is really getting out of control.", "My girlfriend and I broke up due to religious differences... She failed to worship me", "I heard the funniest time travel joke tomorrow.", "I thought Friday was a sad day. Turns out, the next day, was a sadder day. / ", "I accidentally swallowed some scrabble tiles. My next dump could spell disaster", "Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving. / ", "Why do Native Americans hate snow? Because it's white and settles on their land.", "'How would you like your eggs?' the waiter asked. \"Sunny-side up, please\" I requested. \"Madam?\" he asked my wife. \"In a big cake,\" she wheezed.", "A plumber's apprentice is being potty trained / ", "If you neuter a dog he's fixed but if you neuter a man he's broken. / ", "My wife and I have what we call Olympic Sex! Sounds great doesn't it! It's not really, it only happens once every four years.", "Grammar is the difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.", "I see a striking resemblance between Justin Bieber and Elton John.", "I stayed up all night wondering where the sun had gone. Then it dawned on me.", "Sick of being so tired? Well there's a nap for that.", "I have high standards, but low expectations.", "My wife left me because of my obsession with Star Wars. Regret that she will.", "Of course men can multitask, we read on the toilet.", "Just been on to travel agents looking for a weekend away somewhere in the Northeast. They said you can't beat Sunderland this time of year.", "So, does the Chinese version of the Simpson's have white characters? / ", "Some guy said to me 'why are you carrying a 9ft book?' I said 'Its a long story'", "Diarrhea must be hereditary because it runs in your jeans.", "I don't believe in the afterlife, but I Brang a pair of clothes, just in case.", "What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree? Hold on to your nuts---this is no ordinary blow job.", "How much deeper would the oceans be without sponges?", "I bought my friend a get better soon card. He isn't ill, I just think he could do better / ", "Why did the cannibal have an upset stomach? He ate someone who disagreed with him.", "Life is like a Lambourghini. It goes too fast and it costs too much.", "A hamburger walks into a bar. The bartender goes \"sorry we don't serve food here\".", "Why can't Jesus eat a cheeseburger? Because he's dead.", "Why was the Thanksgiving soup so expensive? It had 24 carrots.", "\"Knock Knock.\" \"Who's there?\" \"It's the police, sir.\" \"You'll have to wait, I'm having a shit.\" \"We know, sir, the phone booth has glass sides.\"", "What's the difference between a fridge and a vagina? The fridge doesn't fart when you take the meat out.", "I like to wear my glasses when I'm having sex. That way my eyes are protected from the pepper spray.", "What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball? Their names, if you know them. If not just say \"excuse me\".", "How do trains eat? They chew-chew.", "A comedian entered a joke contest and sent in ten of his best one-liners and waited to see if he had won. Sadly no pun in ten did.", "What does Carl and Karl have in common? / I don't know, ask em!", "Did you hear the joke about the three holes in the ground?. Well, well, well!", "Why do rednecks like Halloween? Because they can Pump-Kin.", "I believe a lot of conflict in the Wild West could have been avoided completely if cowboy architects had just made their towns big enough for everyone. / ", "Study shows researchers waste a lot of time finding out dumb things.", "Check this one out:1.", "Which spice girl can hold the most petrol? Geri can", "The only people that feel bad about wasting their life are the people that wouldn't be able to do anything useful with it, anyway.", "I asked the lunch lady for a salt on the side and all I got was a black eye. / ", "What do fat women get for Valentine's day? Depressed.", "Hi my name is Avoid Completely. Danger is my middle name.", "My girlfriend thinks I'm a workaholic, to prove her wrong, I only worked a double shift on the weekends instead of a triple.", "life got a lot better / once i started leaving the voices in my head on read.", "Just got banned from BandQ, some dickhead in an orange apron came up to me and asked if I wanted decking! Lucky I got the first punch in.", "Did you know 80% of Chinese have cataracts? The other 20% drive Rincolns.", "- What do soy beans and dildos have in common?Both are meat subsitutes", "There are two things that always make me jump..My legs.", "Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is \u00bf / leeched from failblog source tag kilgore9012", "Went into a record shop and asked if they had anything by The Doors. He said \"yes, a plant and a fire blanket.\"", "My wife told me I'm not allowed to impersonate a flamingo anymore. I had to put my foot down.", "3.14% of sailors are \u03c0-rates. / ", "Why are aspirins white? Because they work", "Trump should sell jars of his own poop. He could make $billions. They loved his other bullshit / ", "Best way to get back on your feet, is to miss 2 car payments. / ", "Exercise bikes get you nowhere.", "If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress? / ", "What do you call a row of boxers stood side by side? A punchline.", "I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised!", "Kids in the back seat cause accidents; accidents in the back seats cause kids.", "A referee walked into a bar. I thought it's all gonna kick off now.", "How does Batman's mum call him to dinner? \"Dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, Batman\"", "What can you hold without ever touching it?\nA conversation.", "Watson: Why are you painting the front door yellow? Holmes: A lemon entry my dear Watson!", "What's gray, full of cement, and howls at the moon? A coyote (I just added the cement to make it harder).", "I almost got raped in jail. My family takes monopoly way too seriously.", "Why did the chicken go to KFC? To see a chicken strip.", "Remember, there are two words in life that will open a lot of doors for you. Push and Pull.", "Where do Bees use the bathroom? At the BP station. ", "I've just bought some Tesco viagra. I only got a semi but every little helps!", "The reason Superman can't defeat Dracula is because he can't go near the crypt tonight. / ", "_____________ / ", "I bought a new thesaurus today. It's okay I suppose, nothing to write house about.", "How do you make a sausage roll? Push it down a hill.", "My mailman has fallen into a coma. Letters pray... / ", "The last thing my grandfather said before he died was \u201cPints, Liters, Gallons\u201d which spoke volumes. / ", "Wife to husband: \"let's go out and have some fun tonight\". Husband: \"OK, but if you get home before I do, leave the hall light on\"", "When exactly does C.P.R. becomes necrophilia? / ", "How I Met Your Mother was the longest Ted talk ever. / ", "All the videos of my favourite You-tuber were shot on a potato / ", "What's a pirate's favorite letter? You'd think it would be the arrr but it's really the sea.", "I went to the doctors the other day, complaining about my sore feet. He said \"gout! \"I said \"fuck off, I've only just walked in!\"", "Did you know production costs in the dairy business are high? A lot of expenses are in curd.", "A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don\u2019t need it.", "What's orange and sounds like a parrot?A carrot.", "Most of my family has diarrhea. It runs in our jeans", "How often did the asian cow go to the gym? Dairy", "A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean your Mother. / ", "What do you call a Boomerang that doesn't come back? A Stick.", "YGOLOHCYSP....Reverse psychology. / ", "I've decided to quit wearing my glasses for the rest of the year, frankly I've seen enough. / ", "They say God is everywhere when in fact dogs are everywhere \ud83d\udc36 / ", "What do you call a man with a spade? Doug.", "I suggested to my wife that she'd look sexier with her hair back. Which is apparently an insensitive thing to say to a cancer patient.", "Man with authority walks into a bar and orders everyone a round. / ", "I just gave away all of my dead batteries free of charge. / ", "I am yet to bite a moose that tastes like chocolate.", "Roses are dead, Violets are dead, I'm shit at gardening.", "A man stole a case of soap from the corner store. The police said he made a clean getaway.", "A neutron walks into a bar and asks the bartender, \"How much for a beer?\" The bartender says, \"For you, no charge.\"", "The sperm clinic discharged me. What a relief. / ", "What's the best way to catch a rabbit?Hide in the bushes and make lettuce noises.", "A doctor told the boy, \"This injection won't hurt a bit.\"  That's an MD promise.", "Once I had a machine that made counterfeit pennies. I regret it now, but it made a lot of cents at the time.", "Woke up today to find someone had dumped 2 tonnes of topsoil on my vegetable patch. The plot thickens.", "According to my calculations the problem doesn't exist.", "Hold that pose, my camera is ringing. / ", "What's the difference between American teenage girls and Muslim teenage girls? American teenage girls get stoned BEFORE they have sex.", "I'm going to a deodorant party at the weekend. Roll on Saturday.", "I'm terrified of negative numbers. I'll stop at nothing to avoid them.", "I don't know why anyone would ever want a pocket calculator.. It's really easy to count how many pockets I've got.", "We call our grandad \"Spiderman\".\u00a0He hasn't got any super powers - he just finds it difficult to get out of the bath.", "Money won't buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a large research staff to study the problem.", "Police are looking for a mugger who threatens his victims with a lit match. They need to catch him before he strikes again.", "I've just finished filling my tank with petrol.. Now all my goldfish are dead.", "Two cows in a field, one says\"What do you think of mad cow disease?\"The other cow replies \"Won't affect me, I'm a helicopter!\"", "What do you call an aardvark that's just been beaten up? Vark.", "Ugly birds are just like shopping at Pound Stretcher. You wanna be in and out quickly, before your mates see you!", "What food kills a woman's sex drive? Wedding cake.", "I used to wonder where the sun went at night, then it dawned on me / ", "Nowadays Lance isn't a very common name, but in the Medieval times people were named Lancelot. / ", "How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable? AIDS.", "I have to confess this but, I don't like sex with a big woman on top. Whew, I'm glad I got that off my chest. / ", "My mate just said \"there's only one thing that a scares me about Halloween\". I asked \"which is?\". \"Exactly\" he replied.", "The only running I do, is out of patience, fucks and money. / ", "We choose to masturbate, not because it is easy, but because it is hard. / ", "What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of co-ordination? HAND-EEEEEYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEE", "Why did the orange stop? Because it ran out of juice.", "What do you call a man with a car number plate on his head? Reg. What do you call his brother? R Reg", "So I'm at Golden Gate bridge and everyone is telling me to jump, I'm only out for a jog!", "On our first date my wife broke a drum over my head...she snared me. / ", "What do you call a man who lives in a back street? Ali.", "What did the necktie say to the hat?\nYou go on ahead. I'll hang around for a while.", "A man took an airline to court after his luggage went missing. Unfortunately he lost his case.", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Dishes. Dishes who? Dishes the Police come out with your hands up.", "- Why did the Italian staple his nuts together?  Since he couldn't lick them, he felt he should join them", "I fought a guy on some moving stairs today, we started arguing at the bottom and things just escalated from there!", "How much room is needed for fungi to grow? As mushroom as possible.", "i souport publik edekashun.", "What do trees take when they have a headache? Aleve. ", "If it wasn't for blinds, it would be curtains for us all.", "E-void: the use of technology to avoid human contact.", "I used to hate math, but now I realised decimals have a point.", "Every woman has a little bit of Marilyn in her, you just have to figure out, whether if it's Monroe or Manson. / ", "Andy Murray has the perfect opportunity to finally get rid of his miserable boring persona! All he has to do is name his new daughter Ruby.", "I'm still not sure if I understand ambiguity.", "It takes balls to have a vasectomy / ", "You really gotta hand it to short people for being so down to earth. / ", "\"Youre single, I'm single, you know what that means ? Nobody wants us.\" / ", "Why did the Baker have brown hands? Because he kneaded a poo.", "Doctor said I had jelly, custard and sponge in my ears. Explains why I was a trifle deaf.", "I think my friend was built backwards. His nose runs and his feet smell.", "A poor surgeon hurts 1 person at a time. A poor teacher hurts 130.", "There's been an explosion at a pie factory in Huddersfield. 3.14159265 dead.", "I just bought my wife a length of rope with a bucket on the end. I'm sure it'll go down well.", "What do you do if your baby comes out black? Cook the next one on a lower temperature.", "You hear they're making a movie about constipation? The movie doesn't come out for a while.", "Today I was asked how I view lesbian relationships. Apparently \"in HD\" wasn't the right answer.", "My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last last..He was caught in a trap..", "Kobe Bryant has proven once and for all that helicopter parenting is harmful to children / ", "Eagles may soar in the clouds, but weasels never get sucked into jet engines.", "I went to India and spent 2 hours haggling with a deaf street seller,a thousand pardons / ", "I had a fight with a snowman last night. He didn't last long....things got a bit heated.", "I've fallen in love. Were the last words I heard from my wife as she went overboard.", "Two silk worm's had a race. It ended in a tie. / ", "Cole's Law:  Thinly sliced cabbage.", "Beer is like the sun. It rises in the yeast and sets in the waist. / ", "What's the worst part about two black guys going over a cliff in a van? They were my friends.", "Evidently, when someone says \"Get a grip!!\", they don't mean around their neck. Live and learn. / ", "What do you call two old women who lick each others naughty bits? LesbiNans", "Where do naughty rays of light go? Prism ", "Ho ho ho: Santa's cry, or three prostitutes.", "Sticks and stones may break my bones..I should probably drink more milk.", "Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies.", "What happens to a grape when an elephant sits on it? It lets out a little whine.", "Finally!!! Some POSITIVE news from the White House... / ", "Both Abraham Lincoln and JFK were extremely open minded presidents. / ", "Did you hear about the animal hotel that has exclusive accommodations for squirrels? It's called The Nutcracker Suite.", "Some guy just assaulted me with milk, cream and butter. How dairy!", "What do you call a puppy in a desert? A hot dog. ", "I'm not saying my wife's a fat bitch, but I've had to put all the chocolate biscuits well out of reach. On the floor.", "How do you get an 80-year-old woman to yell, \"Fuck\"? You get another 80-year-old woman right next to her to yell, \"Bingo!\"", "Once upon a time, computers were only used for Paint and Space Pinball.", "A detective asks god, where were you Saturday at 8pm on the night of the murder, and don't say everywhere at once / ", "The doctor who did my circumcision was terrible. He got the sack.", "Anyone need a job? I hear Malaysia Airlines is looking for people.", "What is the probability that something will happen according to the odds?", "Why doesn't Superman need a boss? He already has supervision.", "I go to confession every time I commit adultery . I'm not a Catholic, I just like to brag. / ", "- How can you tell a Polish woman is on her period?  She's only wearing 1 sock", "You put 2 fingers in. Maybe 3, if it's big enough. Oh yeah, now that's how you wash a mug.", "Why are ghosts so bad at lying? Because you can see right through them.", "What's green and climbs walls? An overly ambitious cucumber.", "I never finish anything. It's almost like I have a black belt in partial arts. / ", "2 t.v. antennas get married, the wedding was rubbish, but the reception was great. / ", "y = mx + b / ", "What does it taste like when you go down on a old lady? Depends...", "Old batteries are usually free of charge. / ", "A British prisoner has squeezed 4 smuggled mobile phones out of his arse. All chargers have been dropped.", "I think the person that called them \"Umbrellas\" meant to call them Brellas, but they had a moment of hesitation beforehand. / ", "When u tryna be cheesy but everyone around u is laughtose intolerant.", "If politicians in the uk make u-turns, do Australian politicians make n-turns? / ", "You can't run through a camp site. You can only ran, because its past tents. / ", "My wife gets annoyed if I mess with her red wine, so I've added fruit and lemonade to it and now she sangria than ever. / ", "I'm unstoppable, I just can't seem to get started.", "My girlfriend said she wanted me to be more like her Ex. So I dumped her.", "I recycle a ton of stuff per year if you count washing my dishes and clothes / ", "I want to know, if vegetables are so good why are vegetarians always trying to make them taste like meat. / ", "I guess I did pretty well in Spanish class, because the professor said she was giving me a \u201c\u00a1Si!\u201d / ", "Who decided to call it a pearl necklace and not a chestnut? / ", "Where there's a will, there's a relative.", "An orgasm is the gland finale. / ", "Peegret: Regretting not using the bathroom shortly after you leave a facility in which you were able to do so.", "Engayed: The term used when two gays are engaged or want to become married.", "A bird without a plan just wings it. / ", "My Mrs was moaning about my obsession with sport so I booked us a table for 8pm. Disaster! By 9pm she still hadn't potted a single ball.", "Don\u2019t you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do. / ", "What did the sadist do to the masochist? Nothing.", "Go hard or go home? Bitch I go hard and then go home cause everybody looking all weird at me in front of the Monkey cage / ", "Why did Adele cross the road? To say hello from the other side.", "It's good for a man to have a woman that cleans, cooks, and makes you laugh. It's also good If these women do not know each other.", "I used to earn a living doing backing vocals. I can still remember the words \"This vehicle is reversing\".", "I got offered a 42 inch TV for \u00a325, the only problem is that the volume button doesn't work. For that price though, you can't turn it down.", "I saw this really fit girl in the nightclub last night and she was wearing a chessboard patterned shirt. So, I made a move on her.", "Went to open mic night and it was just some dude talking about his life.", "What do you call an Iraqi who has sex with donkeys? Normal.", "Is it weird my favorite part of a girl is her frontal thigh?", "Insanity is hereditary, - You get it from your children.", "What did the man on the 100 MPH escalator say? \"Well that escalated quickly\" ", "I am the absolute worst at remembering idioms, hands up. / ", "Someone told me that i don't know how to shave properly..... Bloody cheek. / ", "Fell asleep at a party last night, and someone put a teabag in my mouth, i went mental! No one treats me like a mug.", "The difference between an alcoholic and a drunk is staggering. / ", "I remember the last words my father said to me... \"Stop shaking the ladder!\" / ", "What did the left nut say to the right nut? Don't talk to the guy in the middle, he's a dick.", "I wish I had a pair of skinny genes.", "I'm addicted to brake fluid, but I can stop any time I want.", "Why does a hummingbird hum? Because it doesn't know the words.", "Sometimes I forget how to spell a word and I change the entire sentence just to avoid using that word.", "Last week I went to see the foot doctor, I took out my willy and the doctor said \"that's not a foot!\" I said\"I know, but it's a good 11 inches\"", "Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's time consuming.", "A Japanese man once tried to fake his own death. His family didn't bereave him.", "What do you call an Alabama farmer with a sheep under each arm? A pimp.", "A cucumber and a tomato meet in a saladbar. Cucumber: Gee, how come you look so red? Tomato: I saw the salad dressing.", "I went to a wedding on the weekend, and it was so emotional that even the cake was in tiers. / Hey... speaking of cake...", "I'd give my left bladder to be better at biology. / ", "My neighbor blamed my gravel for making him fall, but it was his own dumb asphalt. / ", "What do you call a woman with one leg? Eileen. What do you call a woman with one leg laying on the floor? Eileen Dover.", "As a baby I was too large for the stork and had to be delivered by a crane. / ", "Kale is a negative calorie food, meaning the kale itself contains fewer calories than your body uses to throw it up because it's so fucking disgusting. / ", "The only thing that frustrates people worse than an unfinished sentence is / ", "Why was the pie waiting on the corner? Because it was meat n potato.", "The cannibal passed his brother in the jungle. / ", "What do you call a cow's mate? Its significant udder. ", "When I told my psychiatrist I\u2019ve been hearing voices in my head, she told me I don\u2019t have a psychiatrist. / ", "KNOCK KNOCK, WHO'S THERE: WHO representative regretfully informs you that you will be placed under quarantine for 14 days / ", "A small boy swallowed some coins and was taken to hospital. His Mother phoned to ask how he was and the nurse said, 'There's no change yet'", "What's long, black, and dangerous to cut? The line at KFC.", "i had a recurring dream once / ", "I\u2019m proud of my humility.", "I really wish I knew who stole the jack from underneath my car....The suspension is killing me. / ", "What did stevie wonder say when he got a cheese grater for Christmas? That's the most violent book I've ever read in my life!", "I hate it when old people poke me at a wedding and say, \"you're next\". So I started doing the same thing to them at funerals.", "I just saw a guy in the pub carrying 12 pints of lager. I thought, that guy can really hold his drink.", "I\u2019m not passive aggressive, unlike some people. / ", "What did the finger say to the thumb? I'm in glove with you.", "I'd rather kill myself than commit suicide / ", "I used to work as a programmer for auto correct... Then they fried me for no raisin. / ", "A blonde is watching the news and hears that 2 Brazilian men die in an accident. She cries and says, \"Oh my gosh, how many is a brazilian?\"", "Why is no one ever the right amount of whelmed? / ", "How many ears does Spock have? Three: A right ear A left ear A final frontear. ", "I named my dog 8 miles so I can tell people that I walk 8 miles every single day. / ", "How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.", "What so you call a teacher that's always late for school? Mr Bus.", "\u2752Taken \u2752Single \u2714Addicted to Twitter", "If you want flattery girls, I'm your man. I have a steam roller ready to use.", "Did you hear about the Aggie car pool? They all meet at work.", "I've decided to marry a pencil,I can't wait to introduce my parents to my bride 2B.", "The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.", "Everyone has weird neighbors. If you don't, you're the weird neighbors.", "Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.", "\"Torture me\" said the masochist. \"No\" the sadist smiled.", "When a maple syrup producer sees a maple tree they don't own, do they think \"I'd tap that\"?", "I'm not calling it Covid 19 anymore, it is now \"The Election Infection.\" / ", "Had a spider in the house; wife told me to take it out, so I did... So I ordered a beer, the spider ordered a grasshopper... turns out she's working on becoming a web developer. / ", "If adult diapers are called 'Depends', then baby diapers should be called 'Definitely'.", "I have a gift. Every time I approach something With wings, it flies away. It happens with women, too.", "I've been fired from work for putting in too many shifts. Keyboard manufacturing isn't as easy as you think.", "I just got back from a very emotional wedding.. Even the cake was in tiers.", "My enthusiasm for having sex with strangers is infectious! / ", "I forgot to go to the gym today. That's 7 years in a row now.", "How do you stop millions of children from going to bed hungry every night? Take away their beds", "How do you make your missus scream after an orgasm? Wipe your willy on the curtains.", "I couldn't stay awake at work. I kept falling asleep and dreaming I was the Michelin man. I was very tyred.", "What's the best part about fucking twenty-eight year olds? They're twenty of them.", "If you have a referee in football, what do you have in bowls? Cornflakes.", "What do you call a pig with no clothes on? Streaky bacon.", "What's Irish and stays out all night? Patio Furniture.", "When you get a bladder infection, urine trouble.", "I thought I found a mass grave of snowmen, but it turned out to be just a field of carrots. / ", "Why don't chickens wear undies? Because their peckers are on their faces.", "He who laughs last probably doesn't understand the joke.", "Having sex is like doing fractions....its just improper, if the larger one is on top. / ", "Why doesn't Barbie get pregnant? Because Ken comes in a different box.", "My french bakery is called \"A World of Pain\" / ", "I wrote 'DIVORCE', my wife wrote 'YES'. Tough way to find out, but at least I won our last game of Scrabble.", "I've told the wife I'm going dry for January.\u00a0I really can't be arsed with foreplay.", "I orgasmed in the tub last night... My wife hates it when I call her that. / ", "What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved. ", "I had to speed up to get the license of the idiot I saw texting while driving, so I could text it to #77. / ", "Why do all these people with laser hair want to get it removed?", "If you're an astronaut and don't break up with someone by saying ' I need some space ' you're wasting everyone's time.", "I just ordered a chicken and an egg off Amazon. I'll let you know...", "Income tax has made liars out of more Americans than golf.", "I saw a double-entendre contest, so I entered my friend. / ", "A cure for premature ejaculation can't come soon enough. / ", "- Don't be irreplaceable, if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.", "There's no such thing as nonexistence.", "I went up to the manager in Argos today and I said, \"I want to buy a watch.\"\"Analogue?\" he said. I said, \"No mate, just a watch.\"", "Aren't you that girl who works at the grocery store, always checking me out? / ", "Every day is a D-Day, if you're a stutterer. / ", "I have this nagging fear that everyone is out to make me paranoid.", "Communist jokes are only funny if everyone gets them. / ", "There are three dimensions to credit cards: length, width, and debt. / ", "I'd say fuck the wheather, but its definitely under 18...", "Sometimes I use big words which I don't understand to make me seem more photosynthesis.", "People often say that my life must be tough living with erectile dysfunction but honestly, it's not so hard. / ", "I spent the day in the amusement park toilet admiring the tiles. it was a nice grouting. / ", "If you don't pay your exorcist you can get repossessed.", "What's invisible and smells like carrots?  Bunny farts", "A cure for dyslexia? Now that would be music to my arse.", "I don't know why I broke up with my girl at the gym. I guess we just weren't working out.", "What's every movie critic's favorite cooking ingredient? Michael Bay Leaves. ", "The number 10210 is too intense. / ", "\"MIDWIFE FOR SALE\" (can deliver) / ", "I quit my job at the helium factory today. I refuse to be spoken to in that tone of voice.", "Wise men don't need advice. Fools won't take it.", "I got my child to sleep last night by just repeatedly saying 'bursary'.It was the only nursery rhyme I could think of.", "I bought a box of animal crackers and it said on it \"Do not eat if seal is broken.\" So I opened up the box, and sure enough...", "When a zip is sewn into a pair of trousers, it is no longer a zip... / It is a Penis Fly Trap.", "Rose bushes make me so thorny. / ", "I used to go out with a Dutch girl who wore inflatable shoes, but then she popped her clogs!", "Why did the tomato blush?Because it saw the salad dressing!", "My friend's dad has just got a new pacemaker. He's a little Kenyan lad who runs ten metres in front of him.", "The other day a clown held the door open for me. It was a nice jester.", "I recently visited Satan and stole his wig. He said they'd be hell toupee.", "Always remember that you are unique..Just like everyone else.", "A dictionary is the only place where eighth comes before first.", "The only reason why the postal service is still around is letters to Santa.", "I need a leaf blower, but for people. / ", "There's a gang going though our town, systematically shoplifting clothes in size order. The police believe they're still at large.", "Don't you hate it when people answer their own questions? I do. / ", "I was shocked today when I found out my toaster isn't waterproof. / ", "A huge section of tree just broke off and demolished a bank in town. I've no idea which branch it was though..", "Thank you, student loans, for helping me get through college. I don't think I can ever repay you.", "I'm so radical left that I'm right. / ", "Whats the difference between acne and a priest? Acne waits until a boy's 14 to come on his face.", "Listen, calling people names says a lot more about you than it does about them, idiot.", "I'm not saying my wife is ugly, but the milkman flirts with me.", "Some men think that using a moisturiser after you've had a shave is a bit gay. I don't, I just think it makes my legs lovely and soft.", "When I die, I\u2019d like the word \"Humble\" to be written on my statue. / ", "Is the KKK a good source of Potassium? Yes, because they're all bananas.", "When is the first time motorcycles are mentioned in the bible? When David's Triumph was heard throughout the land.", "Is there anyone out there that suffers from multiple personalities....I just want you to know, you're not alone. / ", "I gotta dig bick. You that read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong also. And said \"moment\" after awkward. This is awkward.", "Why was Cinderella kicked off the football team?Because she kept running away from the ball.", "How many therapists does it take to change a light bulb? Just one, but the light bulb has to want to change", "What does a shopping cart and a wheelchair have in common? They both can be used to carry vegetables. ", "I dont know what all this planking business is about, I just know Snoopy started it.", "Last night i tried wife swapping for the first time, it's brilliant! I managed to get a new lawnmower for mine.", "I was wondering why a frisbee looked bigger as it came closer, then it hit me.", "Why did the phone wear glasses? He lost his contacts.", "I wanted to marry my English teacher when she got out of prison.. But apparently you can't end a sentence with a proposition", "I got arrested the other day for holding a little girl's hand. They wanted to know where the rest of her body was", "Mopeds are like fat birds! It's loads of fun until your mates find out you've ridden one.", "How do you get Pikachu on a bus? Pokemon.", "Did you hear about the guy with the invisible penis? He came out of nowhere.", "Socrates literally only wants one thing and it's fucking discussing / ", "Note to thieves: Steal from a thug, chances are his PIN #s are one of three 4-letter swear words.", "'False dichotomies' ......You either love them or you hate them. / ", "When a pessimist has nothing to worry about, he worries about why he has nothing to worry about.", "I can see five years into the future. I have 2020 vision.", "How many supply-siders does it take to change a light bulb? None. The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself.", "The Wife was watching a cookery show. I said \"What the fuck you watching that for, you can't cook?\" She said \"You watch porn, you Fat Bastard\".", "Who does anonymous surveys? / ", "I only believe in 12.5% of the bible, which makes me an eighth theist. / ", "A dyslexic hooker just offered to cook my socks for $20 / ", "So, I was just standing around, doing nothing, when I got arrested for impersonating a police officer.", "We could learn alot from bees. Organization, productivity, community sacrifice, stinging people who annoy us...", "What happened to the kid who chugged 8 cokes? He burped 7up.", "I think freezing to death would be a cool way to die. / ", "If you break your legs, don't come running to me.", "If someone's addicted to rehab, then what?", "Took the wife's Valentines present back today. She said she wanted something black and lacy. Turns out she didn't mean football boots.", "Yo mama is so fat she eats Wheat Thicks.", "\"None of those women have what I'm really looking for\".\"Oh yeah? What's that?\".\"Low Standards\".", "The man who invented autocorrect has died... May he roast in piss. / ", "In laughter the 'L' comes first, the rest of the letters comes aughter it. / ", "Snow blows. That's why they invented something to literalize that.", "Whatever you do in life, always give 100%. Unless you're donating blood...", "It's my god given right to be an atheist / ", "What should you do when life gives you melons? Get tested for dyslexia.", "Some parents believe that spanking a child is an important part of rearing a child.", "I put my clothes on the line earlier. I think my gambling addiction has gone too far.", "Do you ever wonder if middle school PE teachers hang around major protests to collect the beanbags the police fire at protesters? / ", "My wife asked me to get some pills to help me get an erection, so I bought her some diet pills. / ", "What was more useful than the invention of the first telephone? The second telephone.", "They say there is safety in numbers. Tell that to 6 million Jews.", "I'm not sure why people have to get ready for bed, I'm always ready for bed. / ", "If I had a quarter for every time homeless person asked me for change, I'd still say no.", "Why did Tony the Tiger go to prison? RRRrrrrrrrrrrrape!", "One time I exaggerated so much, I died !!! / ", "What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand? Quatro Cinco", "My friend says I\u2019m self-absorbed, so I took a long, hard look at myself... Beautiful. / ", "I wrote a book on penguins, but in retrospect, I realize that paper would have been easier. / ", "Do zombies eat popcorn with their fingers? No, they eat the fingers separately.", "I just drove my car to a 4x4 specialist..It turns out the answer is 16.", "A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks, \"Why the long face?\" The horse does not respond because it is a horse.", "How do you make a door laugh? Tickle it's knob.", "I've got a dog called Curiosity.", "Maybe if we all emailed the Constitution to each other, the NSA will finally read it. / ", "I just gave a girl my number in roman numerals. If she can figure it out, she's worth a shot.", "Hey guess what I said to my punctuation corrector grammer nazi editor / ", "What happened to the fly that sat on the toilet seat? He got pissed off.", "What did the scarf say to the hat? You go on ahead. I'll hang around", "If 'being obnoxious' was an Olympic event you'd win every time!", "I always tell my kids to stay at school, but they keep coming back. / ", "I went to the doctors the other day and I said, 'Have you got anything for wind?' So he gave me a kite.", "Why can't pirates finish the alphabet? They get lost at C.", "PUPIL: \"Would you punish me for something I didn\u2019t do?\" \nTEACHER:\" Of course not.\" \nPUPIL: \"Good, because I haven\u2019t done my homework.\"", "While cooking breakfast I asked my girlfriend how she likes her eggs, she said fertilized. \ud83d\ude36", "My New Year's resolutions are: 1. Stop making lists. B. Be more consistent.7. Learn to count.", "After a bad day I came home to find that somebody has ripped the front and back pages from my dictionary.It just goes from bad to worse.", "Did you know you can never run out of racetracks? / ", "Is it tasteless to ask a homeless guy if he likes house music? / ", "Amateurs wait for inspiration. The rest of us just get up and go to work.", "I saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching....to reverse and leaving the scene.", "I saw a transvestite wearing a shirt that said \"guess\"", "Jesus Christ fed 2,000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish. Adolf Hitler made 6 million Jews toast.", "Butterflies are not what they used to be.", "Two lesbians barged into the house and started wrestling with my wife while she was in the bath. I tried to help but I could only knock one out.", "Why are Mike Tyson's eyes always red after sex? Pepper Spray", "My mate got sacked from working on the dodgems. He's suing for funfair dismissal.", "I considered atheism but there weren't enough holidays", "I am glad technology has progressed to the point where we can take pictures that look like ones taken when technology sucked. #instagram", "What's the difference between a woman in church and a woman in the bath? One has hope in her soul..", "I wasn't sure why my doctor prescribed LSD for my constipation, then I saw a dragon and shit myself. / ", "When wearing a bikini, women reveal 90% of their body, but I'm so polite, I only look at the covered parts. / ", "I was attacked by a group of mime artists. They did unspeakable things to me. / ", "My friend thinks he's smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.", "My taste in women has always been a bit fishy. / ", "My neighbor was absolutely delighted when he realized I\u2019d stolen all his lightbulbs. / ", "Two of my mom's sisters moved to the Alaskan wilderness, now, it's a double aunt tundra. / ", "Remember, flies transmit diseases, so keep yours up. / ", "I\u2019m writing a statistical murder-mystery about Schrodinger\u2019s Cat. It\u2019s called \u201cThe Box and Whisker Plot.\u201d / ", "Have you heard my joke about the Ebola outbreak yet? Eh... Nevermind. You probably won't get it.", "During a lecture on India, the teacher said a woman gives birth every 10 seconds in the country. A kid stood up and said, we gotta stop her!", "What did the fish say when he swam into a wall? Dam", "lI'm not crazy, my reality is just different than yours.", "When is it bad luck to have a black cat cross your path? When you're a mouse.", "I was into necrophilia, bestiality, and S&M - until I realized I was just beating a dead horse. / ", "Teacher: Did you father help your with your homework? \nStudent: No, he did it all by himself.", "Women say we men have it easy because we haven't experienced childbirth. How the heck do they think we got here?", "All exorcism is: B(r)east Reduction", "\"I Love Maths\" By Adam Up.", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Euripides. Euripides who? Euripides trouser, you menda these trousers.", "Got the wife a prosthetic leg for Christmas. It's not her main present, just a stocking filler.", "Now that Microsoft is so big, should it be called Macrosoft?", "How do you make a Venetian blind? Poke him in the eye.", "Buying spiders from the pet store costs way more than getting them off the web.", "___________________________ / ", "Why are cars faster than motorcycles? Because motorcycles are two tired.", "Thank you for calling \"The Hug Hotline\", please hold. / ", "A woman with no legs asked me if I wanted to kick it sometime. / ", "I\u2019ve had Alzheimer\u2019s for as long as I can remember / ", "I told my wife we can have sex or go see Star Wars, she said, I'm on my period and Star Wars is sold out. She pulled some strings and got me in.", "Who is the smallest man mentioned in the New Testament? Peter. (He slept on his watch)", "I've been reading a book about the history of glue. I can't put it down!", "There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.", "Changing my Facebook language to Spanish. So now instead of a \"Like\" button, I have a \"Me Gusta\" button.", "I recently got sick at the airport. My doctor says it's a terminal illness.", "Politics: the fastest way to piss of anybody and get enemies.", "What do you call a leper in a hot tub? Soup.", "Max told his friend he didn't want to go for a hike in the hills.  \"I'm an anti-climb Max.\"", "My advice to men; marry someone who looks sexy disappointed.", "I'd like to go to Holland one day. Wooden shoe?", "We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.", "Bought my girlfriend slippers and a dildo for Christmas. If she doesn't like the slippers, she can go fuck herself!", "Why did the baker have dirty hands? Because he kneaded a poo.", "My internet bride got delivered today. She's the WiFi always dreamed of.", "People can be so full of crap. They should consider a laxative.", "What's red and bad for your teeth? A house brick.", "Golden Shower....I'm in, if urine. / ", "How do you warm a room up thats just been painted? Give it a 2nd coat.", "Never throw dirt when you're at war; you'll lose your ground.", "Just met a charming transvestite from the Manchester area. He had a Wigan address.", "I beat a black belt at karate. My next challenger is a green sock.", "Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? He worked it out with a pencil.", "I told my friend 10 jokes to get him to laugh. Sadly, no pun in 10 did.", "Why can't the human ear detect a dog's whistle? Because dogs can't whistle.", "Explaining to a child that we're mortal and that death is inescapable is probably for me the hardest part of being a party clown. / ", "A comedian does funny things. A good comedian does things funny.", "I put the sexy in dyslexic. / ", "The thought of oral sex leaves a funny taste in my mouth... / ", "A Zen student asked his master, \"Is it OK to use email?\" \"Yes,\" replied the master, \"But no attachments.\"", "What's the heaviest soup in Asia? Wonton soup. ", "The reason I don't watch Jersey Shore is because I can watch talking carrots on VeggieTales.", "My mate just asked me if he could put a teabag in my mouth and fill me with boiling water. He must think I'm some kind of mug.", "My ex, who left me 267 days 3 hours and 16 minutes ago, says that I've \"not moved on\". / ", "My girlfriend says I'm too immature...well no more treehouse privileges for her.", "Life is full of uncertainties...or I could be wrong about that?", "The closest to perfection most people ever get is when they're filling out a job application.", "Masks will probably be required for Halloween this year. / ", "I once threw a dart at a rodeo and got a bullseye! / ", "How do birds see what's behind them?By looking in their wing mirrors.", "When a man opens the door of his car for his wife, you can be sure of one thing: either the car is new or the wife.", "I used to be a guy stuck inside a womans body.....Then I was born. / ", "If Paul McCartney is a vegetarian, why did he name his band Wings? / ", "I tried to sue the airline for losing my luggage but i lost the case / ", "The vet told me \"I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to put your dog down.\" I said. \"WHY?!\" Vet said: \"Because my arms are getting tired.\"", "\u201cHave you got any kittens going cheap?\u201d Asked a customer in a pet shop.\n\u201cNo, sir,\u201d replied the owner. \u201cAll our kittens go \u201cMeow.", "Buy one Oprah, get Winfrey. / ", "\"Can I have a pack of condoms?\" I asked the pharmacist. \"A small box?\" he asked. \"I hope so!\" I replied.", "How many folk singers does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two. One to change it and one to write a song about how good the old light bulb was.", "Puts the \"oopid\" in \"stupid\"", "I don't drink alcohol for religious reasons. I drink it for other reasons.", "What if Taylor Swift and Adele started dating and then broke up?", "I asked Siri for a Rolling Stones song. She played the live version of it. I guess you cant always get what you want. / ", "I just recently ended a 5 year relationship. It's OK though, it wasn't my relationship.", "What does Barbie like to do at Halloween? Pump Ken", "What do you call a gay dinosaur? Megasoreass", "There's 364 more days until Christmas and people already have their Christmas lights up. Unbelievable.", "Yo Mama is so ugly, it affects her self-esteem.", "Yo Mama is so fat, her nickname is \"DAMN!\"", "I cannot afford to waste my time making money", "What does a Gynecologist and a Pizza Boy have in common? They can smell it but they can't eat it", "I've just noticed that I've developed webbed feet, Waddle I do?... / ", "Might wake up early and go for a jog. Might also win the lottery, odds are about the same.", "Hemorrhoids are a real pain in the ass. / ", "My mate says,I remember my very first date with my wife,can u?\n\"Yeah,\"I replied,she was wearing sexy red lingerie,then u closed the curtains", "Watching a blonde with lipstick on her forehead, she must be making up hermind.", "Q. Where do fags park?\n\nA. In the rear.", "You know what is a \"diet\" is, don't you? It's \"die\" with a \"t,\" that's what it is! -", "I just ate Reese's Cups. He was pissed / ", "I had a huge fight with my girlfriend yesterday, but I know she'll come crawling back to me. I stole her wheelchair.", "Me: When I was younger I was given a choice, a long penis or a good memory. Wife: Which one did you choose? Me: I can't remember.", "Why does Kim Jong Un love books. Because he's the glorious Reader", "I just made up a new word: plagiarism. / ", "What does a toilet, a clitoris, and an anniversary have in common? Men usually miss all three.", "If life gives you melons, you might be dyslexic. / ", "Difference between an egg and a wank? You can beat an egg.", "Where are average things manufactured? The satisfactory.", "How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable. You give him AIDS", "Happy New Year everyone... Think I may have premature congratulation.", "Yesterday I sent out a text saying, \"Hey I lost my phone, will you call it?\" 10 people called me. I need smarter friends.", "Sophisticated listening devices are nothing new. Where I live, we call them 'neighbors'.", "Just to make things clear, I'm going to put my glasses on. / ", "Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.", "Bleach and latex gloves:$10. Plastic wrap, trash bags and duct tape:$ 20...Chainsaw:$200 The Horrified look on the cashiers face: PRICELESS!", "I'm always frank with my sexual partners, I wouldn't want them to know my real name. / ", "I put my phone on airplane mode and now it keeps calling me Shirley. / ", "Why was the student's report card wet?\nBecause his grades were below C-Level.", "Did you hear about the new restaurant on the Moon? The food's ok, but it has no atmosphere.", "My cheating ex girlfriend was called Tulsa..... Looking back, she was aslut. / ", "I do public relations work for a company that sells bicycle wheels. I'm also their spokes person. / ", "Sorry but ever since I started a routine of jogging at midnight I have been running late. / ", "Why couldn't the pirate play cards? Because he was sitting on the deck.", "I've never been a big proponent of weight loss. / ", "I\u2019m okay with smoking, alcohol and marijuana, but cocaine is where I draw the line. / ", "When a deaf person sees me yawn, does he think I'm screaming?", "My lesbian neighbors got me a Rolex for Christmas. I guess they misunderstood when I said I wanna watch.", "My wife asked me to bring home some stuff for the pancakes. She wasn't happy when I came back with a push up bra.", "What do you call a man with no arms or legs lying by front of the door? Matt", "They say one in every four men is gay, so there must be one in my group of friends. I hope it's Michael - he's super cute.", "An Irish man walks into a bar and says, \"Ow, shit!\" / ", "If USA did a brexit it would be a usexit, u sexy thing. / ", "At my job I realized that some ass was giving names to all of the food in the refrigerator. Today I had a tuna sandwich named 'Bob'.", "Is it OK to use my AM radio after noon?", "What happened to the stressed out redhead? He ginger snapped", "My penis made it into the Guinness book of world records. But the librarian told me to take it out / ", "Where does a cucumber go to get drunk? A salad bar.", "My imaginary friends are real. They just happen to be friends with other people except me.", "Feed a man a fish; serve him for a day. Feed a fish a man; your fish is set for like a whole year. / ", "My Dad lost his job at the cemetary after burying someone in the wrong hole. Grave mistake!", "Do homeless people understand knock knock jokes?", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Francis. Francis who? Francis next to Germany.", "Want to hear a joke about pizza? Nevermind, it's too cheesy. ", "What do you get when you cross a rooster with a telephone pole? A 40-foot cock that wants to reach out and touch someone.", "I had to chase a mugger after he stole my wallet. He gave me a run for my money.", "Did you hear about the cobbler who made a satanic pact?He sold his sole to the devil.", "R Kelly - taking the art out of rap artist / ", "Did you hear about the time Stevie Wonder got a cheese grater for Christmas? He said it was the most violent book he'd ever read.", "Ah, the Nobel Peace Prize... I'd kill to win that. / ", "The computer beat me at chess, but I can sure as heck beat it at kickboxing.", "Why don't seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they would be called bagels!", "Dog: Man's best friend.\nCat: Man's reclusive roommate who poops in a box.", "What do scientists and vegetables have in common? Stephen Hawking", "When I was young, I used to think earwigs actually lived in your ears, so you can imagine how terrified I was of cockroaches. / ", "Last night my mate and I watched all 3 'Lord of the Rings' movies back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.", "Why did Pee Wee Herman win the annual bass fishing contest? Experts say it's because he was a master baiter.", "After getting stabbed in the eye, I failed to see the point of fencing. / ", "Laughing stock: Cattle with a sense of humor.", "Gravity is one of the most fundamental forces in the universe, but when you remove it, you get gravy. / ", "I, for one, like Roman numerals / ", "What do ninjas drink? WATAH!", "A Physicist and a Biologist had a relationship, but there was no Chemistry.", "Last weekend, they held a minute's silence at the Etihad Stadium. It blended in nicely with the other 89.", "I can hear opera coming from my wallet. I think it might be the 3 tenners.", "What do you call a psychic midget who has escaped from prison? A small medium at large ", "Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.", "Birthdays are nice and all, but too many of them can kill you. / ", "I was going down on this chick when I noticed her pussy tasted like horse semen. I stopped and said \"Oh, so that's how you died, Grandma.\"", "My wife said that I only ever want sex with her when I'm drunk.That's not true!.. I usually want a kebab as well.", "A wise mute man once said: \" \" / ", "I fell over laughing and got trapped in the trouser press. Creased myself.", "I just saw a man and woman at the supermarket wrapped in a barcode. I thought \"They must be an item\".", "What is Michael Jackson's favorite note? F minor. ", "Why did the little girl fall off the swings? Because she has no arms.", "Men look at a woman's behind and go \"Oh! What an ass!\" Women look at a man's face and go \"Oh! What an ass!\"", "Guy who owned Odeon cinemas has passed away. His funeral is on Monday @ 2:10, 4:20 and 8:40", "I got a birthday card and when I opened it a Yorkshire pudding fell out. It was from Aunt Bessie!", "My friend came and asked me why I had two quarters in my ear. I said,\" I'm listening to 50 cent\"", "How a pessimist counts his blessings, \"10..9..8..7..\"", "I went on the lamb because i got tired of fucking the sheep.", "What did Barack Obama say to Michelle when he proposed? \"I don't wanna be Obama self\"", "\"I sold my house this week. I got a pretty good price for it, but it made my landlord mad as heck.\"", "I've finally stopped drinking for good. Now I drink for evil", "How many SEO experts does it take to change a lightbulb? lightbulbs buy light bulbs neon lights sex porn", "I saw some ducks practicing their teenage girl faces at the pond today.", "What is the difference between a rooster and a lawyer? The rooster clucks defiance.", "If my off time is my break, does that mean I\u2019m turned on at work? / ", "Twitter Bang: Hooking up with someone in less than 140 characters.", "Why don't supermarkets be more honest and rename their \"Parent and Child\" spaces as \"Lazy Bastard with Massive 4x4\" spaces?", "I'm a perfectipnist.", "I went to a record shop and I asked 'What have you got by The Doors?' He said: 'A bucket of sand and a fire blanket!'", "Bumper Sticker: Keep honking, I'm reloading.", "What do ghosts use to wash their hair? ShamBoo.", "A skeleton goes into a bar and orders a pint of beer and a mop..", "The CEO of Pepsi was fired today. They found traces of Coke in his system / ", "The four most crucial words of mankind: righty-tighty, lefty-loosy", "The greatest thing about most politicians is if they win the others lose / ", "Two consonants and a vowel go into a bar", "Only one thing keeps me from sticking to a diet. Food.", "20 seconds left on the microwave! Women:  Set the table, pour the wine, tweet, check Facebook. Men: Start a NASA rocket launch countdown.", "What's the difference between a porcupine and a Hummer? The porcupine has the pricks on the outside.", "Dig through the kitchen An burn through the bacon There's ham on the back of my... SPATULAAAA!!!! - Bob Zombie, Rob's less famous brother. / ", "I'm sick to death of cocaine dealers always sticking their business in other people's noses.", "I bought my wig at a discount store, didn't want toupee full price. / ", "I was made to walk the plank as a child. We couldn't afford a dog. / ", "Scariest part of Halloween? Giving away all your candy.", "A mysterious hole has been found in the local nudist camp wall. The police are looking into it.", "I have a Polish friend who's a sound engineer, and I have a Czech one, too. A Czech one too. / ", "A family vacation is when you go away with the people you need to get away from. / ", "Yo mama is so fat she needs a passport to roll over.", "I'm very good at remembering random facts. For example, there are 3,500 different types of lice. And that's just off the top of my head.", "- What can you use used tampons for?  Tea bags for vampires", "Echoing my thoughts / I used to repeat myself often. Now I am alright . Now I am alright .", "It gets awkward when you're telling a pigeon to go away outside a shoe shop !!! / ", "A friend of mine fell in the pond while we were fishing, but I let him off the hook. / ", "Evening news is where they begin with \u2018Good evening\u2019, and then proceed to tell you why it isn\u2019t.", "Why do you never buy a woman a watch? Because there's a clock on the stove.", "I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.", "Where would Voldemort go if he played the trumpet? Jazzkaban.", "Apparently it costs \u00a31,500,000 to climb Mount Everest...which in my opinion, is a bit steep. / ", "Mary Rose sat on a nail Mary rose.", "What did the hat say to the scarf? \"You hang around - I'll go on a head.\"", "Sex with my wife is like my bank account. I put it in, lose interest and take it out again. / ", "In a grading system of A+, A, B+, B.....so on, I think for computer science student grade 'B' should be called 'C++' / ", "Playlistism: discrimination against people's choice of music.", "What did the baby corn say to momma corn? Where is popcorn. ", "I couldn't pay the exorcist so he repossessed my house / ", "Ugh, stewardess wants us to turn off our portable electronics. Knew I should've brought my full desktop PC for this flight.", "What is the difference between a Harley and a Hoover? The location of the dirt bag.", "It's okay password, I'm insecure too. / ", "My girlfriend said she was going to leave me because I am too impatient. \n\nI can't wait.", "Rings of Saturn are made entirely of lost airline luggage.", "What if oxygen lowers your voice and helium brings it back to normal?", "Some mistakes are to much fun to make only once. / ", "An elephant asks a camel why it had breasts on its back and the camel replied, ' silly question for someone who has a dick on its face '", "Once you realize Trumps top military adviser is The Beach Boys it makes more sense why he wants to bomb bomb bomb, bomb bomb Iran. / ", "Reality is a big, nasty, vicious dragon, but I don't believe in dragons.", "I met someone online who shares my fetish for urinating on dried fruit, so we\u2019re going to go on a date next week. / ", "China has a population of a billion people. That means if you\u2019re a one in a million, there are still a thousand others exactly like you.", "Thank God I'm an atheist / ", "The boss says they passed over a lot of good people before they hired me.", "What did the egg say to the boiling water? It might take me awhile to get hard, I just got laid by this chick.", "Growing up is getting old. / ", "My girlfriend has this weird, sick, demented sexual fetish. Cuddling.", "I think I'm having a no-life crisis.", "Who will take the second shot in the pub snooker game? We'll find out after the break.", "Why did the chef add extra oregano to the sauce? He was making up for lost thyme.  ", "Why did Dave Grohl buy such a tall house? He wanted to make sure he was getting the best, the best, the best, the best-a view.", "I bought a Christmas tree today. The guy asked me if I was going to put it up myself. I said no, I'll probably put it in the front room.", "What's long and hard and has cum in it? A cucumber!", "Quote of the day: \"Whenever you're feeling powerless, remember that just one of your turds can shut down a whole swimming pool.\"", "Someone asked me how to celebrate erectile dysfunction day... It's not that hard. / ", "I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up.", "You dont want to see the aftermath of not doing the beforemath / ", "What do you call a bear in the rain? A drizzly bear.", "I used to work at a fire hydrant factory and I gotta tell ya, the benefits were good, but the parking was terrible. / ", "I once had an Internet girlfriend, but things just didn't click.", "What activity do 3 out of 4 people call a good time? Gang rape.", "If I was a pig, I'd get a tattoo of a coin slot on my back.", "What is the difference between a tribe of sly aborigines and a female track team? The first is a pack of cunning runts.", "Three blondes walk into a building. You'd think one of them would've seen it..", "Why did the Dalai Lama visit Las Vegas? Tibet ", "We call my aunt \u201canti abortion\u201d which is pretty mean cause she\u2019s had 5 abortions / ", "What is Tom Hanks' wireless password? 1forrest1", "What ended in 1887? 1886.", "European leaders continue to practice social distancing by staying 3000 miles away from Trump. / ", "You cant beat a boiled egg.", "I accidentally swallowed a bunch of Scrabble tiles. My next trip to the bathroom could spell disaster. / ", "A new horror film. A sadist traps snowmen and forces them to melt bits of themselves to escape. Thaw.", "Driving past a field and saw a scarecrow trying to have a wank. I thought \"That scarecrow is clutching at straws.\"", "I've a elevendency to exaggerate things. / ", "Hao Long is a Chinese name.", "My girlfriend is a porn star. She is going to be so pissed off when she finds out.", "What do you give to a sick lemon? Lemon aid.", "I used to own a party balloon company but I couldn't keep up with the high cost of inflation.", "I heard a swimmer shout \"Help shark help!!\" I just laughed. I knew the shark wasn't going to help him!", "If Donald Trump gets elected president there's gonna be hell toup\u00e9e.", "The jumper I got for Xmas kept picking up static electricity so I took it back to the shop and exchanged it for another one. Free of charge.", "Early to rise, and early to bed, makes a man healthy but socially dead.", "The female praying mantis devours her male within minutes of mating, whereas the female human stretches it out over a lifetime. / ", "Why don't midgets use tampons? They trip over the strings.", "What do you get if you cross a motorway with a wheelbarrow? Run over.", "What do you see when you drop a piano down a mineshaft? A flat minor.", "Iron Man is a superhero. Iron Woman is a command.", "Someone just told me I don't know how to shave properly..... Bloody cheek / ", "Some rude kids on the bus just texted each other \u201cI think that old creep is looking at our phones\u201d / ", "The local convent has no security around the building, so I helped myself. No fence. Nun taken.", "3 men are on a boat. They have 4 cigars, but nothing to light them with. They throw a cigar overboard and the boat becomes a cigar lighter.", "The best person for the job is the one who understands it well enough not to want it.", "What kind of bees produce milk? Boo-bees.", "Every new McDonald's that opens creates 40 new jobs....20 heart surgeons and 20 dentists. / ", "I just got a car for my wife. Great swap!", "Hey, I lost my phone. If you find it, call or text me, would ya?", "My wife left me because she said I'm obsessed with the muppets. Apparently, I'm not ready for a kermitment.", "I lost everything in a house fire except a bet. / ", "I have a drinking problem. My glass is empty. / ", "I've got a friend whose butler is missing his left arm--serves him right.", "I rushed to the hospital when I heard that my cousin could neither walk nor speak, but apparently, all newborns are like that. / ", "Unfortunately I lost my Korean friend the other day. So Yung. She was my Seoul mate.", "Tell a girl she's beautiful and she'll remember it for days. Tell a girl she's fat and she'll always remember because an elephant never forgets.", "I refused to believe I was gay and dyslexic until I realized I was in Daniel. / ", "Don't forget today is Alzheimer's awareness day! / ", "Outside my local school, the kids were selling chocolate to raise money for eczema awareness, so I bought a flake.", "I called up a takeaway and said \"do you deliver\" They said \"No, we do lamb, chicken or fish\"", "Why can't hedgehogs just share the hedge?", "What does it take to please an Amish woman? Two Mennonite.", "I'm not saying my wife's a bad cook, but she uses a smoke alarm as a timer. / ", "The baker charged in with buns glazing / ", "Why did the blonde snort splenda? She thought it was diet coke. ", "I came into some money recently, I really must buy some more toilet paper. / ", "Jehovah's Witness' don't celebrate Halloween. I guess they don't like random strangers coming to their door.", "Simba: Dad, what's the Super Bowl? Mufasa: No idea, we're lions.", "\"Wow, nice pair of crocs\"\n-Said no one, ever.", "Grammar has gots to be one of the most importantest things ever?", "I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.", "Today, I decided to see the good in everyone I meet. And to make sure I could do it, I didn't leave the house.", "If you're arrested on April Fool's Day, they should give you more than one phone call.", "Man with authority walks into the bar and orders everyone a round. / ", "I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio.", "I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.", "Some people claim they do yoga, but they don't. Frickin' posers. / ", "Place a STUDENT DRIVER sign on top of your car, and suddenly nobody suspects you of drunk driving.", "Bought a cake for my girlfriend and wrote 'I'm baking up with you' on it.", "I heard that Oxygen and Magnesium are going out. I was like OMg.", "I decided to be depressed today, just for fun.", "Like most people my age, I'm 50. / ", "I went to the caucus meeting, got bored, went home and decided to learn about government by listening to Rage Against the Machine.", "Made a chicken salad today. The little prick didn't eat it.", "A zombie once tried to make a decision. To me it was a no-brainer. / ", "They say make up sex is the best, which is lucky, because all my sex is made up. / ", "Going to church doesn\u2019t make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car. / ", "Why do walruses go to Tupperware parties? To find a tight seal.", "Watch out for lamp manufacturers. There are a lot of shady characters.", "I am addicted to sea weed, I must seek kelp. / ", "What do you call a lazy kangaroo? A pouch potato.", "New food naming trend at the office, today i ate a sandwich named Steve.", "A guy walks into the psychiatrist wearing only shorts made from Bubble wrap. The psychiatrist says \"Well, I can clearly see you're nuts.\"", "Why was the little ink blot so unhappy? Because his mother was in the pen, and they didn't know how long the sentence would be. ", "You're single, I'm single, you know what that means? Nobody wants us. / ", "Bad Hitler puns are inf\u00fchreriating. / ", "I was gonna tell a time travelling joke but you guys didn't like it / ", "The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.", "How much do cockneys pay for their shampoo? Pantene.", "I\u2019ve found an origami porn channel but it\u2019s paper view only. / ", "A dentist and a manicurist had a terrible fight. It was tooth and nail.", "What's the Difference between NHL Players and the Jersey Shore Girls? NHL Players shower after three periods.", "I haven't slept for three days, Because that would be too long.", "There's a gas pump icon on my car's dash that notifies me whenever my bank account is almost empty.", "Age has its advantages. Too bad no one that old can remember what they are.", "What would you get if your donkey ate the legs off my rooster? Two feet of my cock in your ass.", "RIP boiling water. You will be mist.", "I asked Sean Connery whats his favourite London landmark was? \"Shard\". I know it is mate but just give it a go..", "What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1", "A voice in my head wont let me take off my headphones / ", "I got arrested for killing a black man. They charged me with impersonating a police officer.", "My wife is so ugly she spent 5 hours in the beauty salon... Just getting a price.", "When my employer asked if I had a criminal record I guess \"highest number of robberies in an hour\" wasn't the answer he was looking for.", "What did the light bulb say to the switch? You turn me on.", "Why was the robot mad? Because people kept pushing its buttons.", "Two men walk into a bar, and the third one ducks.", "One night, as I was laying in bed, I looked up at the stars and thought to myself, \u201cwhat the fuck happened to my roof?\u201d / ", "What does a Mexican cut his pizza with? Little Caesars", "Always writing my name in cursive is my signature move. / ", "When you buy a bigger bed you have more bed room but less bedroom. / ", "Simba was walking too slow, so I told him to Mufasa!", "What's the difference between a refrigerator and a gay guy? The refrigerator doesn't fart when you take the meat out.", "How do you invite a Native Alaskan to your home? You Eskimover. ", "You know you watch too much porn when you go to a hospital expecting a blowjob.", "How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.", "My family think I spend too much time doing dot-to-dot puzzles, but it's okay..I know where to draw the line.", "Why do birds sing in the morning? Because they don't have to go to fucking work. / ", "My wife is such a looker..She's brilliant at hide and seek!", "I'm seeing this girl with eczema. She's got a cracking body.", "What do you call a monkey in a minefield? BABOOOOOOM!", "You should check out this really expensive chair I just bought. It's in Section 6, row 20 at the stadium.", "Did you hear about the Mexican train hijacker? They say he had loco motives.", "Tip to reduce weight: Turn your head to the left then turn to the right. Repeat this exercise every time you are offered something to eat.", "My company is a non-profit, but not on purpose. / ", "NERD: One whose IQ exceeds their weight.", "That awkward moment when someone you hate thinks your opinion is valid.", "Gender reassignment surgery is a dick move. / ", "Disney World - a people trap operated by a mouse.", "Did you hear about the dyslexic man that walked into a bra?", "I want my tombstone to say \"It didn't make me stronger.\" / ", "What did the banana say to the vibrator? \"What are you shaking for?\" \"she's going to eat me!\"", "I think my computer is female. She's always correcting my mistakes and telling me how to fix them.", "Why does Beyonce say \"To the left, to the left\"? Because black people have no rights.", "Once you have a PhD, every meeting you go to is a doctor's appointment.", "I wrote a one liner with two lines. / ", "Tobacco doesnt cause lung cancer if you take it with a needle / ", "I always wonder, \"how do they know where I live?\" when movie commercials say\"coming to a cinema near you\".", "What do they call spiders in the Middle East? Iraqnids", "My girlfriend was telling me that obesity is in her genes. I told her that it wasn't true as she looks like a fat cunt in a skirt as well.", "HOW DO YOU CLEAR OUT AND IRAQI BINGO HALL? CALL OUT \"B-52\".", "Breasts are like beer. Men may state a preference, but we'll take whatever's on tap.", "I've decided to kill off a few characters in this book I'm writing. It's going to be a very interesting autobiography. / ", "Did you hear about the one legged sumo wrestler? He was a total pushover.", "I call my wife treasure, cos she looks like she's just been dug up.", "I get enough exercise just pushing my luck.", "I\u00a0started a band called 999 Megabytes We haven't got a gig yet.", "Chilean miners considered how funny it would be if they all died as soon as they finished the rescue tunnel", "Great minds don't think alike, great minds just think.", "I was going to post a time traveling joke, but you guys didn\u2019t like it. / ", "My friend suggested i try jewish gummies, and they were tasty, but a bit too jewy. / ", "If a pianist plays with the piano with pens, would be be a penist? / ", "My girlfriend is like the square root of -100. A solid 10 but also imaginary... / ", "I bought shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with but I've been tripping all day.", "A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says 'Sorry we don't serve food in here'", "Never run with scissors and never scissor with the runs / ", "What's the worst thing your wife can say during sex? Honey I'm home", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Dismay. Dismay who? Dismay be a bad joke but I think it's funny.", "Feminists just want to be treated equally.....to the pretty ones. / ", "I can't even press charges on the guy whole stole my explosives. / ", "Surely every car is a people carrier?", "\"I bet you can wrap presents with your eyes shut\" I said to my wife. \"I probably could\" she laughed. \"Great I'll just go and get yours\" I said.", "What do you call a Scottish man who works in a cloakroom? Angus Mccoatup", "My friend was just buried in a cemetery. It's okay, he was dying to get in.", "I was going to write my term paper about AI in Star Trek, but it turns out I'm a bad Data analyst. / ", "I have an old Commodore locked away in the attic. That'll teach the him to dance on my ceiling!", "I've invented a product that increases the size of your basement..... i hope it's a big cellar. / ", "Frankly autocorrect, I'm getting a bit tired of your shirt. / ", "Yesterday I saw a pregnant dog in the library, looking for the self-whelp section. / ", "Is It wrong for a guy like me to have silk sheets? They're nice..", "It might look like I\u2019m doing nothing, but at the cellular level I\u2019m really quite busy.", "If you boil a funny bone, it becomes a laughing stock. (Now, that's what I call humerus.) / ", "Quitting smoking is easy; I\u2019ve done it plenty of times. / ", "If you ever get in a knife fight with a group of clowns, go for the juggler", "What do you call a hot dog with a sweater? A chili dog ", "If a red-headed man works at a bakery, is he a ginger bread man?", "\"THE PILL\" .... The second best thing a woman can put in her mouth to avoid pregnancy. / ", "Coronavirus is what I used to call in sick with instead of saying beer flu. / ", "I'd love to live in an old disused lighthouse. I don't want anything flashy.", "I'm a virgin for religious reasons. God made me really ugly.", "Why is your mum like Princess Jasmine? She's always got Aladdin!", "My room is not messy; it is an obstacle course designed to keep me fit.", "Productive Procrastination: The act of keeping busy with things that don't need to be done.", "Would like to share my oneliner about the tropical birds who got stuck together, but it's toucan fusing. / ", "I have reliable inside information about Apple's next product. I will not be able to afford it.", "In most cases, cell phones won't crack when you drop them / ", "I live life in the fast lane ... with a stream of cars behind me, horns blaring.", "Which came first, the chicken or the egg?\n\nNeither, the rooster did", "My wife told me that women were better at multitasking than men. I said to sit down and shut up. Guess what? She couldn't do do either!", "2 in 1 people have multiple personality disorder. / ", "I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.", "Bought my gay friend a GPS just so it would tell him to go straight.", "I try to teach my mom something new every day, because you're supposed to learn from your mistakes", "I always sneeze on my knuckles before a fight to inflict extra poison damage. / ", "I have a complaint against the BBB, but I don't know where to file it. / ", "If you die before someone, have you beaten them to death? / ", "Yo Mama is so ugly, she uses a line of makeup called \"Why Bother\".", "What type of blood does a keyboard have? Typo", "My mum said \"You treat this place like a hotel!\". She will regret that when I give her a low score on TripAdvisor for 'rude staff'.", "Just been sacked from my job as a chef for stealing. I've always been whisk taker.", "What did the bartender say when oxygen, hydrogen, sulfur, sodium, and phosphorous walked into his bar? OH SNaP!", "Laugh at yourself. You'll never cease to be amused.", "Whose idea was it to put an \"S\" in the word \"lisp\"?", "Believe it or not but, a guillotine is still cutting edge technology. / ", "Humans have strange rules about which kinds of things in the world are allowed to rub eachother / ", "There's a new TV show about a plane hijacking. They just shot the pilot last week.", "I went to a family restaurant and they refused to serve me a family. / ", "What is the difference between a Mercedes and a Lexus? Princess Diana wouldn't be caught dead in a Lexus", "The Mrs got in the shower with me this morning. She said \"Mmm baby I want you to do bad things to me\". So I put shampoo in her eyes.", "What's black and screams? Stevie Wonder answering the iron. ", "I started an emo salsa band. We're called Hispanic at the Disco", "What's a pirate's favourite sex position? Up the Arrrrrrse!", "I give back to the world by seeding my torrents.", "I've got an obsession with cats. My girlfriend is kicking meeeeowwwt.", "What does idk stand for? Literally everyone I ask says they don't know.", "Fighting for peace is like having sex for virginity.", "If sportsmen get athlete\u2019s foot, do fighter pilots get mistletoe? / ", "Just because your a parent, doesn't mean you have to be lame.", "My landlord said \"Your obsession with cats is out of control and I can't handle it anymore!\" I cried \"What... You're kicking Meeeeowt?\"", "I rate myself 9.84520137453850162 out of 10 for accuracy.", "I was walking past the cemetery the other day. The whole place was just dead silent! / ", "5 out of 6 scientists say Russian Roulette is safe.", "\"What did the pervert olive say to the sexy olive? I hope you take olive your clothes off!\"", "A Rabbi and a Priest are walking in the park when they see a little boy. Priest: \"Hey let's go screw that little boy\" Rabbi: \"Out of what?\"", "What did the wall say when a fish ran into it? Dumb Bass ", "In every corny joke, there is a kernel of truth. / ", "A chronic fear of giants is called FeeFiPhobia. / ", "I installed a new bidet in my bathroom just for shits and giggles. / ", "Ever since I started trying to relive my youth at childrens playgrounds..My social life has been on the slide.", "My dad used to say: \"Always fight fire with fire\". Which is probably why he got thrown out of the fire brigade.", "Pickup artists and garbagemen should swap titles. / ", "A nine year old girl has disappeared after using moisturizer that makes you look ten years younger. / ", "When I die, I'd like the word 'Humble'...to be written on my statue. / ", "My new thesaurus is terrible. It's also terrible.", "Yo Mama is so fat that when she died and was cremated, her ash caused the cancellation of flights across Europe.", "Have you heard about the new super sensitive condoms? They hang around after the man leaves and talk to the woman.", "Today, someone was killed with a starters pistol. Police believe it was race related. / ", "I think I've cured my wife's fear of being buried alive. The screams stopped about an hour ago.", "Why don't black people get sunburned? Because most prisons are indoors.", "I don't think I could stab anyone. I can barely put my straw through my Capri-Sun.", "What do you call sunscreen in Ireland? Pubs", "I was immediately fired at my new job as a human cannon ball / ", "I had a wank over my ex girlfriend last night. Yeah I know it's wrong but I still have a key and she's a deep sleeper!", "What musical group is Jesus most afraid of? Nine Inch Nails", "The difference between the right word and almost the right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug.", "What did the bra say to the hat? You go on a head, I'll give these two a lift!", "Blind people must never agree on anything since they can't see eye to eye. / ", "I don't suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it.", "If I had a dime for every time I showed myself to be bad at maths I'd have like 93 cents. / ", "The invention of the shovel was groundbreaking.", "What kind of music did the Pilgrims like? Plymouth Rock", "I was shopping with the wife for a present for her mother. She said she wanted something electric. I suggested a chair.", ". / ", "There was an earthquake near the Galaxy chocolate factory this morning..It sent ripples through the whole building.", "If you die in an elevator, be sure to press the UP button.", "As I said before, I never repeat myself!", "Men at 26 plays football, Men at 40 plays tennis, Men at 60 plays golf, have you noticed every time you get older, your balls gets smaller?", "What do you call a man with a seagull on his head? Cliff.", "To drown a hipster, just throw him into the mainstream. / ", "If Russia attacks Turkey from the rear, will Greece help ? / ", "Return of the Jedi is not possible without the Receipt of the Jedi. / ", "I saw a dwarf climbing down a prison wall and thought that it was a little condescending / ", "I just saw a sign in a shop'Mosquito nets \u00a310'. It turns out he won it on a scratchcard.", "What did the prostitute say when she got out of the psychiatrist's shower? Well, that's another load off of my chest.", "My girlfriend said she wanted me to tease her, so I said: \"Alright, fatty?\"", "What's got 8 eyes and 8 legs? 8 pirates.", "I've just been on Trip Advisor. There's fuck all information about a twisted ankle or a grazed knee. / ", "I named my hard drive \"dat ass\" so that once a month, my computer asks me if I want to, \"back dat ass up.\"", "I finally told my girlfriend that \"I Love Her\". She text backing saying \"I luv u2\". I was gutted, I thought what does Bono have that I don't", "A girl called me, she told me to come over because no one was home. Sure enough, no one was there.", "Gravity doesn't exist: the earth sucks.", "Why didn't the skeleton go to the ball? He had nobody to go with.", "Pretending to write when the teacher starts calling on random people.", "WTF is an acronym. / ", "A French person entered the chat, which got him arrested for bestiality. / ", "Primitive technologies rock! / ", "Just found a misspelled word in the dictionary... What do I do?!?!", "I went to a dyslexic rave last night. I took three F's.", "What do you get when you combine a comedian and a whorehouse? A BROFL.", "When people ask why I'm still single. I tell them I'm single by choice. Unfortunately, it's not my choice.", "Laughter is the sensation of feeling good all over and showing it principally in one place.", "Even though I've been married for five years I still can't help thinking about the one that got away. My wife's ex. What a lucky bastard.", "I left my last girlfriend because she wouldn't stop counting. I often wonder what she's up to now.", "I totally understand how batteries feel because I\u2019m rarely ever included in things either. / ", "I just bought some of that coconut shampoo. I don't know why, I've not got a coconut.", "Yo mama is so nasty I called her to say hello, and she ended up giving me an ear infection.", "What did Earth say to the other planets? Wow, you guys have no life.", "Tomorrow at work is Jamaican hairstyle day. I'm already dreading it. / ", "The wife complains that I don't take any interest in our children. That's the last time I offer to pick up the fat one from school!", "What do you call a woodpecker with no beak? A headbanger.", "I was having a dip at the swimming pool when the lifeguard asked, 'What have you got there?' I replied 'Hummus'", "Don't keep a man guessing too long - he's sure to find the answer somewhere else. #itstrueladies", "I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.", "My Nan has found a lump in each of her breasts. Turns out it was just her knees.", "111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321", "What's the difference between a cactus and a school bus? Cactus has little pricks on the outside", "What did the elephant say to the naked man? \"How do you breath through something so small?\" ", "Just been attacked by a ginger kid doing martial arts....turns out he was the Carroty kid. / ", "Whats red and bad for your teeth? A brick.", "A hermit was arrested after driving a hundred miles an hour, the charge was recluse driving.", "Sometimes I cook with hate just to see if anyone can really tell the difference. / ", "Just sold my car for gas money.", "Say what you will about the Ten Commandments, you must always come back to the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them.", "To whoever invented the zero: thanks for nothing.", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Yah. Yah who?I didn't know you were a cowboy.", "My fake plants died because I forgot to pretend to water them.", "How do you make antifreeze? Hide her cardigan.", "Why are Native Americans the most successful strippers? Because when they dance, they make it rain.", "I told my doctor that I broke my arm in two places. He told me to stop going to those places.", "I'm not a pessimist. I have a B Negative blood type.", "The Truth: S(he) be(lie)ve(d).", "Yeah, you can't judge a book by it's cover. But if the cover isn't appealing, I ain't reading it.", "If you abbreviate in sign language, is it called short hand? / ", "When a girl changes her clothes in front of you she's either interested, or she hasn't spotted you in the tree yet. / ", "Talking to a guy today who invented crosswords. Can't remember his name though. S_e_e", "They say shoe size is directly related to penis size. That makes the fear of clowns even worse", "What's worse than a joke about shit? A joke about shit that's corny.", "I suppose snipers miss their loved ones. / ", "Immature: A word boring people use to describe fun people.", "How do you make a squirrel cry? Pinch it's nuts.", "A burp is just a fart that took the elevator.", "First rule of Thesaurus Club. You don't talk, converse, discuss, speak, chat, deliberate, confer, gab, gossip or natter about Thesaurus Club", "Cowboys don't roll joints, they tumble weed. / ", "People ask if I still enjoy sex at 45?! I live at number 57, so it's not far to go", "If one uses stimulus funds to buy baby chickens, does that mean we got money for nothing and our chicks for free? / ", "I regret rubbing ketchup in my eyes but that's Heinz sight for you. / ", "I was walking down the road when I suddenly questioned. Who picks up a guide dog's shit?", "Retro Shopping: comparing prices after you have bought the item.", "I distorted a Tortoise earlier..Now it's just an Oise.", "I tried to log onto Twitter earlier today. It said,\"Cookies are required to operate.\" I thought to myself, \"Me too Twitter. Me too.\"", "Did you hear about the Mexican train killer? He had loco motives", "What did the debater say after getting stabbed during an argument? Good point", "I went to the library. I said,\"Can I borrow a book about suicide?\" The guy said,\"We did have one, but we never got it back.\"", "Irony:\n\n90 people get the Swine Flu and everybody wants to wear a mask.\n\nA million people have AIDS and no one wants to wear a condom", "Anything seems possible when you don't know what the fuck you're talking about. / ", "Why'd I spend all my childhood trying to save peach? She already has a man.", "What do you call a man in a pile of leaves? Russell", "Tried to look up blurry in the dictionary, but it wasn't very clear.", "Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.", "How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to hold the giraffe, and the other to fill the bathtub with brightly colored machine tools.", "A bloke was shagging his overweight missus, when his phone rings.\"You'll have to ring me back mate, I'm in the tub\" he said.", "What do you do with 365 used condoms? ll them up into a tire and call it a Goodyear", "Having sex in elevators is wrong on so many levels.", "I've been searching for my stolen bed for two days! I won't rest until I've found it.", "It takes balls to be a transvestite.", "I was at a cash machine when an old lady came up to me and asked to check her balance.So I pushed her over.", "Dream big! Nap often.", "What is the difference between an Aggie and a pizza? The pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven.", "What do you call a musician without a girlfriend? Homeless.", "Every novel is a mystery novel if you never finish it / ", "Always remember that you're unique! Just like everyone else.", "Valentines day is cancelled. Want proof? 14-02-12=0", "No one makes a bigger deal about driving to work than firetrucks.", "I once had a psychic girlfriend, she left me before we met. / ", "I'm really pleased with my new fridge magnet. So far I've got eight fridges.", "My friend came to me and said, \"Thanks for lending me the Fight Club DVD! \"I was like, \"Don't mention it.\"", "I've just saved a ton of cash on the latest iPhone. I didn't buy one.", "Bald guy gets a comb for Christmas and says \u201cThanks I will never part with this\u201d / ", "What do you call a woman covered in grass. Lawna", "I refuse to be obstinate. / ", "Why did the banker eat lunch by himself? Because he was a loaner.", "Marriage is like a deck of cards. In the beginning all you need is two hearts and a diamond. By the end you wish you had a club and spade.", "My great granddad perished on the sinking of the Titanic..he had a heart attack in The movies last week.", "People with crooked penises are fucking twisted. / ", "Did you blow bubbles as a kid? Well, he's back in town and wants his money back.", "Why can't a leopard play hide and seek? Because he's always spotted.", "No strings attached sex is all well and good, until she wakes up and wriggles free. / ", "What do you call a woman stretched across a tennis court? Annette", "Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. ", "Why did the sperm cross the road? Because I put on the wrong socks before I went for a walk.", "Autocorrect and I have a love hat relationship / ", "What do you call a terrorist's girlfriend?  A Guantanamo Bae", "I hate when people ask me what I'm see myself doing in 5 years. Its not like I have 2020 vision.", "I've recently developed a severe phobia of elevators. I'm taking steps to avoid them.", "I went to a protest against public demonstrations. / ", "I just spent all day looking for a cat with one eye. I think I would of found it if I used both.", "I bet my butcher $50 that he couldn't reach the meat on the top shelf. He said \"No, the steaks are too high\".", "Smoking cigarettes is a great way to commit suicide if you're a procrastinator.", "I ate four cans of alphabet soup and just had the biggest vowel movement ever. / ", "Did you hear about the paranoid dyslexic? He thought he was following someone.", "What people don't realize: Those people who think paying $60 for a video game is a waste just bought themselves a $300 pair of shoes.", "Which U.S. state abbreviation is the best? I'm not sure, but Oklahoma's is OK. ", "California has the highest rates of depression and adultery in America. Such a sad state of affairs.", "I exercise constantly. I am always running late.", "If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?", "\"Doctor, doctor, I've lost my memory.\" \"When did this happen?\" \"When did what happen?\"", "Opened a tin of meat. Soon as I opened it 20 more tins appeared... Bloody spam.", "Two satellites decided to get married. The wedding wasn't much, but the reception was incredible!", "Yo Mama is so fat she uses the equator as her belt.", "What's the difference between a $20 steak and a $50 steak ? February 14th. / ", "Asked the wife to make me happy and sad at the same time. She told me that my dick was bigger than my brothers!", "When all is said and done the encyclopedia industry is going to struggle. / ", "Capitalization can really change a sentence. For example:\nI love to eat candy.\nI love to eat capitalization. \n\n", "If I had a dollar for everytime baby boomers criticised younger generations, I would have enough money to live in the economy that they destroyed. / ", "Why did the hippie drown? Because he was too far out, man.", "Britain has won the Davis Cup for the first time since 1936. Coincidentally, that's the last time anyone gave a fuck.", "Until I was thirteen, I thought my name was 'Shut Up.'", "I named my dogs Rolex and Timex because they're my watch dogs. / ", "Saying the name Keanu backwards is unique. / ", "I used to do drugs. I still do, but I used to too.", "Even if there is nothing to laugh about, laugh on credit.", "What's the best thing for a hangover? Drink loads the night before.", "I can't believe my best friend has died doing what he loved. He was a respected and popular skydiver. Really down to earth guy.", "My cocaine is so white, the police let it go with a warning. / ", "Barage: neighborhood garage transformed to look like a city bar.", "My face lift has gone terribly wrong. If anyone knows of a good surgeon, I'm all ears. / ", "My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night. He was caught in a trap.", "I bought my grandchildren some crayons and I have to say, they make my kin scrawl. / ", "I taught my Dog to play the trumpet on the London Underground.\u00a0We went from Barking to Tooting in about an hour.", "Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? Because they lactose.", "People think I'm stupid, because I have a lisp. I'm thick of it.", "Donald Trump / All Donal Trump needed was a little Hope to be positive.", "I buy my guns from a T-Rex; he's a small arms dealer / ", "How did the prawn meet his girlfriend? On the net.", "When I drink alcohol, everyone says im an alcoholic. When I drink fanta, no one says I'm fantastic.", "Just seen that there's a nudist convention on in town next week. Might go if I've got nothing on.", "The paperless office will become a reality about the same time as the paperless toilet.", "If it hurts when you pee, urine trouble. / ", "When I lost my rifle, the Army charged me $585 and that\u2019s why, in the Navy, the captain goes down with the ship. / ", "Sometimes I laugh so much that a bit of wee comes out. It's really starting to worry me..Why is wee coming out of my mouth?", "lI was wondering why frisbees got bigger as they got closer then it hit me.", "I have a pet tree.....It's like a pet dog, but the bark is quieter. / ", "I heard a bunch of Japanese people chanting \"We want rights! We want rights!\" They must be scared of the dark or something.", "A sandwhich walks into a bar and the bartender says sorry buddy white breads only.", "What do you call a sheep with no head and no legs? A cloud.", "What word becomes shorter when you add letters to it? Short.", "How can you tell the Indians were here in America first? They had reservations.", "Why did Michael Jackson love to shop at Sears? He heard little boy's pants were half off. ", "Introducing free idiot tests! Only $5!", "I have a small penis. (not sure whose?) / ", "What was Hitler's favorite video game? Mein Kraft", "If you can\u2019t learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.", "A falling battery killed a man today. It was charged with murder.", "Children in the backseat cause accidents, Accidents in the backseat cause children.", "Why was 6 scared of 7? Because 7,8,9", "Last night I dreamt that I was the author of Lord of the Rings. I was Tolkien in my sleep.", "People in Dubai don't like the Flintstones, but the people in Abu Dhabi dooo! / ", "My pet frog has broken his leg. He's not very hoppy. / ", "I just love the F5 key on my keyboard. It's so refreshing.", "Why do fish live in salt water? Because pepper makes them sneeze.", "I don't know why people want white iPhones... Everyone knows blacks run faster than whites.", "Pretty soon the only place you will be able to buy a Confederate flag will be the black market. Oh the irony.", "Saw a raggedly dressed boy in the street and asked if he was an orphan. \"what gave me away?\" He asked, I said, \"your parents\"", "I love playing that game where you knock on people's door and run away. It's called Yodel.", "Something just occurred to me. Why are all the 'intelligent life' finding sources pointed away from earth?", "Why do they call childbirth \"delivery,\" why not call it \"take-out\"? / ", "I always call out my wife's name during sex. Just to make sure she's not around.", "They should make a Rosetta Stone for men to understand women.", "Every 60 seconds in Africa, a minute passes away. We have got to put an end to this!", "2020 is the year to make jokes like there's no tomorrow. / ", "I like to lead by bad example.", "Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.", "What kind of organization is Atheism? Non-prophet.", "Like most people my age, I'm 45. / ", "I don't believe in spanking my children. I find that waving a gun around works just as well..", "I asked a construction worker to show me how to frame a house. I could only sit back and think \"He really nailed it\" / ", "People who cannot distinguish between etymology and entomology, bug me in ways in which I cannot put into words. / ", "What do you do if you come across a tiger in the jungle? Wipe it off and apologise.", "How do you find a blind man on a nude beach? It is not hard.", "What did the aspiring Zen Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor?  \"Make me one with everything.\"", "The other day I sent my girlfriend a huge pile of snow. I rang her up, I said ''Did you get my drift?''.", "The wife and I decided to have a clear-out and have put all our dogging gear on eBay. We havent had any bids yet but theres thirty-four watchers", "My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.", "Is a snake that's exactly 3.14 metres in length considered a \u03c0thon? / ", "Just saw a blonde driving a smart car. I could make a joke out of this...", "Did you hear the one about the man with 5 cocks? His underpants fit like a glove.", "My girlfriend just asked for some alone time.. I made her a MySpace account.", "\u201cDO NOT TOUCH\u201d must be one of the most terrifying things to read in braille. / ", "We live in the WTF generation: Wikipedia, Twitter and Facebook.", "My friends think I'm too indecisive. I don't know what to think of that", "My indoor clothes dryer broke this morning..It was the end of an airer.", "Reality is a crutch for people who can't handle drugs. / ", "A dwarf got pick-pocketed the other day. How could they stoop so low?", "The only Positive thing that came out of Trump is COVID! / ", "The difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.", "What kind of monkey can fly? A hot air baboon.", "- What is better than 4 roses on a piano? Two lips on an organ", "It's May Day, but I don't see any sinking ships.", "I see someone is selling all their dogging gear on eBay. There's no buyers but I've noticed that there's 126 watchers!", "A good pun is its own reword. / ", "Damn girl are you a smoke detector? Because you're super annoying and won't shut up", "It's hard being a single mother when you have no children / ", "My lack of libido has always been a bone of contention. / ", "How does a lawyer go to sleep? First he lies on one side, then the other", "I'd kill to get a job as a hit man / ", "What's green and smells of pork? Kermit the frogs fingers!", "My black friend asked me if there's a colored printer in the library. I said \"Shit man, it's 2015 you can use whatever printer you want!\"", "\"Plastering for Beginners\" By Phil Mcraken", "If I asked you to sleep with me, Yes or No. Would the answer to that question be the same as the answer to this one?", "All trail mix is is deconstructed candy bars.", "My dog ate two Bibles this week... Holy shit. / ", "Why buy shampoo when real poo is still free.", "31 years ago today the doctor delivered me.I can't believe I've survived so long without a liver.", "What's the most successful pickup line ever? \"Does this smell like chloroform?\"", "A woman can never ask her brother for help, because there is no way he can be a brother and assist her too. / ", "Accidentally swallowed some Scrabble squares. Going for a poo could spell trouble!", "The main thing I learned in high school was how to text without being caught.", "For Halloween this year I think I'm gonna go around to all the hospices and retirement homes and put up cemetery wallpaper.", "I'm sorry but I'm just not the apologetic type. / ", "I wonder if children who stutter, had mothers who used vibrators when pregnant? / ", "Onomatopoeia is exactly what it sounds like. / ", "A donkey had an IQ of 186. He had no friends at all though. because nobody likes a smart-ass.", "There are two types of people in this world. People who pee in the shower, and dirty freaking liars.", "I just saw a flying fox bat, I wonder if he can pitch too? / ", "I asked my wife what she wanted for her birthday. She said, \"Nothing would make me happier than diamond earrings.\" So I got her nothing.", "Went to a swinger's party last night in my army uniform. Had to leave my khakis in the bowl.", "Is there rollover Madness that I can use in April?", "When I noticed \u201cHI\u201d in the alphabet, I thought someone was actually going to be my friend and then I saw the next two letters. / ", "Should Jack be considered a number?", "What did Sean Connery say when a book fell on his head? \"I have only my shelf to blame\"", "Rick Astley will let you borrow any movie from his Pixar collection, except one. He's never gonna give you Up", "I keep having a recurring nightmare where I'm surrounded by loads of pregnant women in labour.I think I may be having a midwife crisis..", "I wish more people gave a shit about constipation / ", "My credit card company loves me. Every day, I get a call from them saying my balance is outstanding.", "In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Iron Man was the first Fe-Male to get a movie. / ", "I got mugged earlier and they took my mood ring. I really don't know how I feel about that.", "Why did the blonde tiptoe past the medicine cabinet? She didn't want to wake the sleeping pills.", "I'm green. I use iPhone apps in my iPad to save pixels.", "Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.", "Got fired from the market for being too violent. All I did was put out a sign that said, \"take lettuce from top of pile or heads will roll!\"", "I can\u2019t believe the fired me at the clock factory after all the extra hours I put in. / ", "There was a strike at work today! But then that's not unusual when you work in a bowling alley.", "lShould vegetarians eat animal crackers?", "I went to a seafood disco last week. Pulled a mussel.", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Control freak. Now you say control freak who!", "Don't bother doing a criminal background check on me. I've never been caught. / ", "Did you hear about the new pirate movie? It's rated ARRRGH.", "Did you hear the elephants at the circus are going on strike? They're tired of working for peanuts.", "You'd be surprised how much it costs to look this cheap.\nDolly Parton", "If needing some personal room, join NASA, they'll give you plenty of space.", "You\u2019ll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace. / ", "Today I have officially been sober for 100 days. Not like, in a row or anything. Just in total.", "I googled \u201ccigarette lighter\u201d and got 2000 matches. / ", "Just finished reading a book on cross English Channel swimming by Francis Near . / ", "I never make mistakes, I thought I did once.. but I was wrong.", "Dear Autocorrect, No one uses the word 'ducking', absolutely no one. / ", "A juggler is just a schizophrenic playing catch.", "Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces.", "I'm busier than a one-toothed man in a corn-on-the-cob eating contest.", "Found out recently that my wife had an affair with a midget. I can't believe she would stoop so low.", "Why does the hipster make crappy coffee? The beans are always under-ground.", "Today I realized that On Line Dating is just OLD. / And since I'm that way also, one would think the two would go together.", "I'm not affected by the price of gas, I just get $20 worth every time.", "My new house has a circular driveway. I can't get out.", "Do you know when you are in hospital, your friends ask: Hi, how are you dear?\nBut your best friends ask: Hey buddy, how is the nurse?", "My Dad died recently, but unfortunately I slept in and missed the funeral. I guess I'm not a mourning person", "My wife has had a tattoo of a seashell on her inner thigh. If you put your ear to it, you can smell the sea!! / ", "My mother never saw the irony of calling me a son of a b", "My wife was happy when I told her I put a load in the dishwasher until 9 months later when Consuela's baby came out looking just like me!", "What was Spiderman's major in college? Web Design", "Stress is when you wake up screaming & you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet.", "You'd be jolly too, if you had a list of all the naughty girls and where they live. / ", "Advertisment from British Airways:  \"Breakfast in London, Lunch in New-York and luggage in Berlin\"", "First thing this morning, there was a tap on my door. Funny sense of humour my plumber has...", "My math teacher told me I was average which is just mean. / ", "Most mathematicians don't realize, there's an easy way to round Pi. Just add an \"e\".", "Why can't someone look at me the way i look at French fries..", "My house cleaner is getting really annoying. She keeps asking me to move out and says she wants a divorce.", "Weather outside is BEAUTIFUL today. I think I'll go for a run. I won't do it, but I'll think about it.", "My dad always used to say to me that the best part of fighting is the make-up sex, which probably explains his short-lived career as a boxer. / ", "Why did Humpty Dumpty push Mrs Humpty Dumpty off the wall? So he could see her crack.", "My book looks so much thinner ever since it had its appendix removed. / ", "My girlfriend is weird, she always starts conversations with, \"Are you even listening to me!\"", "I was once arrested for resisting arrest. I still don't know how.", "What music do chickens listen to? Bach", "My phone has better health insurance than I do. / ", "What do you call a girl that raps about women rights? Feminem. ", "What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper", "Two cannibals are eating a clown. One looks to the other and asks, \"Does this taste funny to you?\"", "He's not dead\u2026 he's electroencephalographically challenged.", "My dad was fired from his job in road work for theft. I didn't believe it at first, but when I got home all the signs were there.", "How does Nasa organize a party? They planet.", "Why did the Queen knight Sir Mix-a-Lot? / ", "I was walking through an arts and crafts shop, when I saw a sign saying \"Glue Sticks.\". I thought, \"No shit.\"", "I bought my wife a desk-lamp for her birthday, her face is really gonna light up when she sees it.", "A plateau is the highest form of flattery.", "I predict we have been reading the Mayan calendar upside-down an we still have another 2000 years to live.", "The frustrated cannibal threw up his hands.", "\"And God promised men that good and obedient wives would be found at all corners of the earth. Then he made the world round and laughed..\"", "Jokes about German sausage are the wurst.", "I have SEXDAILY! I mean DYSLEXIA. Fcuk!", "How did Darth Vader know what Luke has gotten him for Christmas? He felt his presents.", "Watching Jeopardy backward is like seeing 3 panelists ask questions where Trebek always gets them right", "Did you see that Sargento Cheese is going to stop selling shredded cheese? They're trying to make America grate again", "\"What did Rick Astley say to his virginity? Never gonna give you up!\"", "Who's the world's most famous blacksmith? Will Smith", "How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her like an alter boy.", "I've been on so many blind dates, I should get a free dog. / ", "Justice is a dish best served cold because if it were served warm, it would be justwater. / ", "I know a lot of jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work", "We\u2019ll We\u2019ll We\u2019ll, if it isn\u2019t autocorrect. / ", "Went to the annual disco for the UK Dyslexic Association last night. Was great until the DJ played YMCA and then it was fucking mayhem.", "My dentist girlfriend ditched me and hurt my fillings. / ", "As Mr Peanut left his house, he said to his wife, \"see you, I'll be back in a Jif\"", "A priest, a rabbi, and a blind man walk into a bar and the bartender says, \"What is this, some kind of joke?", "A waiter walks up to a table full of Jewish women dining and asks \"ladies, is anything ok?\"", "I just read about a dwarf being pick pocketed in the news. How could someone stoop so low!", "If at first you don't succeed, sky diving isn't for you. / ", "What do you tell a woman with two black eyes? Nothing. You done told her twice.", "What happened when the orange slept with the dirty lemon? It got lemonaids", "Did you hear about the guy who lost his left arm and left leg in a car accident? He's alright.", "Do the Chinese people who visit America realize they bought souvenirs made in their own country?", "Listening to people lecture me about how suicide jokes are offensive makes me want to kill myself / ", "When they run out of ingredients at the Mountain Dew factory they just have to make Dew with what they've got. / ", "What do women and Google have in common?  They both can't ever let you finish a sentence without making a suggestion.", "When I found out that my masseuse is also a prostitute, I was relieved.", "Dear IRS, please cancel my subscription.", "What did the DJ order from the deli? A club sandwich with extra beets.", "At the end of the day... It gets dark. / ", "Titanic was a slut. She went down on the first date and ironically swallowed a bunch of seamen, too.", "I put the toilet seat down as a gift to my mom.", "What do you call an obese psychic? A four chin teller.", "I would love to have a battle of witts with you, but it seems that you have come unarmed.", "Frankly autocorrect, I am getting a bit tired of your shirt. / ", "\nDon\u2019t knock on death\u2019s door. Hit the doorbell and run. He hates that.", "I went to the library and asked if they had any books on kittens. The librarian replied \"No sorry, all of our books are on shelves\".", "When I'm on my death bed, I'm going to look around the room at all my friends and family and say, \"hey, you guys wanna see a dead body?\" / ", "1/3 Of people live next to a pedophile. Not me though, I live next to two really hot ten year old's!", "I used to be schizophrenic, but we\u2019re all right now.", "What do you call a Mexican with no car? Joaquin.", "Did you hear about the pancake that went on a killing spree? He just flipped.", "I've just won 8 straight games of Paper, Scissors, Rock, against that very predictable Edward Scissorhands.", "Did you know the starting pistol was invented by Karl Marx's sister Onya? / ", "What does the Sun drink out of? Sunglasses.", "What's the temperature in Motown right now? Three degrees, four tops.", "Orphans are unrelatable. / ", "I think Korn, Meatloaf, and The Black Eyed Peas should all play a show together, then at the end Cake can come out and play for dessert. / ", "Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick. / ", "I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen!", "Looking forward to the day when my to-do list becomes my ta-da! list.", "What's big, green and has a trunk? An unripe elephant.", "How do you clear out a veterans bingo hall? B 52.", "Two fish in a tank. One says to the other; \"You man the guns and I'll drive\"", "The British woman who fell off the cruise ship has been named as Eileen Dover. / ", "Monotheism is a gift from the gods.", "Do you ever get half way through eating a horse and you realise you weren't as hungry as you thought?", "Why are there fish at the bottom of the sea? Cos they dropped out of school.", "Popcorn is probably my favorite food that explodes before you eat it.", "Some day you'll go far, and I hope you stay there.", "Why doesn't Mike Tyson play Playstation? He's an Xboxer.", "A few weeks ago, two cartoonists entered a contest. The result was a draw.", "People always ask 'how do you cope with erectile dysfunction'? Honestly, it's not that hard", "Where do prostitutes go for recycling? The Virgin Islands.", "I like to freak my dentist out by seductively licking his fingers during procedures.", "VIAGRA....It won't make you James Bond, but it would make you Roger Moore. / ", "I guess the real treasure was the Seinfeld we made along the way / ", "My pet bird has lost its voice. Please retweet.", "I was at an ATM and this old lady asked me to help check her balance. So I pushed her over.", "POLITICIANS & DIAPERS BOTH NEED TO BE CHANGED, AND FOR THE SAME REASON.", "Why was the mushroom invited to the party? Because he's a fungi.", "Life is like a box of chocolates. It doesn't last long if you're fat.", "If a tree falls in the forest and nobody hears, my illegal logging business is a success. / ", "My friend drowned in a bowl of muesli. He was pulled in by a strong currant.", "How do you get a fat girl into bed? Piece of cake.", "Edward Colston didn't attract much attention when he arrived in Bristol but he made a splash when he left. / ", "My girlfriend confided in me she loves when I blow air on her when she's hot, but honestly, I\u2019m not a fan. / ", "I hate living where I do. I used to think 55 degrees is cold now I think 18 degrees is warm.", "I like to see the cups as half full while everyone else likes to see a breast cancer survivor. / ", "People used to be nicer, these days the average person is mean. / ", "Liking your own Facebook status is like high-fiving yourself in public.", "I may walk slowly, but unlike you, I never walk back.", "If there's one thing I can't comprehend, it's common sense.", "Someone who eats their own food is a good cook, someone who laughs at their own jokes, is not funny.", "How do you turn a duck into a soul singer? Put it in the oven until its bill withers.", "Ever since I discovered my vault fetish, I've been practicing safe sex. / ", "My imaginary girlfriend just put me in the friendzone.", "I have never understood this whole Easter egg thing, Rabbits are mammals, aren't they? Happy Easter!", "When does Sean Connery show up to Wimbeldon? About tennish", "I've designed a plane made entirely from rubber, so that when it crashes, it bounces. It's a Boing 747.", "What do you call a fat psycic? A four chin teller", "Slept like a log last night. Woke up in the fireplace.", "I'm amazed swearing isn't a part of Driver's Ed.", "The guy who invented autocorrect can burn in hello. / ", "Seen in U.S.S.R:  \"The last person to leave the country is asked to turn the ligths off.\"", "I almost forgot to update my status that I'd been to the gym. What a waste of a workout that would have been!", "What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.", "What is the most vulnerable animal in the world? The frog.  When you touch it, it croaks. Put another way, one touch and it's toadalled.", "Yesterday I found out that my toaster isn't waterproof. I was shocked.", "What do you say if Satan sneezes?", "I think that to counteract shoplifting, stores have rigged their scanners to automatically mark up the price that was on the shelf.", "I think I speak for everyone on Twitter when I say blah blah blah blah.", "Did you hear about the guy who mixed Viagra and laxatives? He didn't know if he was coming or going.", "I may ejaculate early, but my wife should love me despite my short cummings. / ", "I tried to have sex with a super model but, nuttin' happened. / ", "Never moon a werewolf.", "My half brother is 6ft3. Just imagine, if he was a full brother. / ", "I'm not saying she's fat... I'm saying if I had to think of the five fattest people I know shed be three of them.", "Hear about the three blonds that walked into a bar? I figured the third one would have ducked. / ", "My grandad has a heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the local zoo / ", "What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eyed-deer.", "Psychology - the art of pulling a habit out of a rat.", "What did one light bulb say to the other on Valentine's Day? I love you watts.", "Wrapping presents is easy you get your paper scissors/tape. Then you get a pitiful, helpless look on your faceand someone will do it for you", "Don't kiss your wife with a runny nose. You might think it's funny, but it's snot.", "My grandfather had a stroke this week. He saw a picture of my grandmother when she was younger and couldn't help himself.", "There's two fish in a tank. One turns to the other and says 'You man the guns, I'll drive'", "I just heard a woodpecker call me a paranoid twat, in Morse Code. / ", "I booked an Asian prostitute last night, but she arrived two hours late. She loved me wrong time.", "What do you call a lesbian Eskimo? A Klondike", "You can't run through a camp site. You can only ran, because it's past tents.", "What do you call a deer with no eyes? No idea. What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no idea.", "What did the topless dancer say when chastised about her profession? \"It's better than being flat busted!\"", "What's made of brass and sounds like Tom Jones? Trombones.", "Some guy just came to the door saying he was collecting for the local childrens home, so I gave him my kids.", "- What do you get when you cross a Polack and a Mongoloid with one leg? A Polaroid 1 Step", "I ordered an Asian Hooker, she arrived 2 hours late. She loves me wrong time.", "A boy goes to a strip club. His mom gets angry and asks him: Did you see anything there that you weren't supposed to see?\n\nBoy: Yes, dad!", "Skinny jeans are like a cheap hotel, there's no ballroom. / ", "Did you hear about the fight in the lion house at the zoo? A lion called another a cheetah.  Personally, I think he was lion.", "What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced.", "- What do you call 2 gay guys named Bob?  Oral Roberts", "I'm against public protests, but I don't know how to show it.", "Some people think there are insects on the Moon. Lunar tics.", "What did the Mexican say when his term paper flew out the window? - \"Where you goin', essay?\"", "Honestly, my worst purchase of 2020 was a 2020 planner. / ", "Seven days without laughter makes one weak.", "My wife asked me to pass the lip balm, but I gave her the superglue instead. She's not talking to me now.", "My Nigerian wife looked at our 5-year-old kid and said \"aww, they blow up so fast\"", "Ever had sex while camping? It's intents.", "My friend told me today that I don't understand what irony is. Which was ironic, because we were at a bus stop.", "Video games have better plots than moves nowadays.", "Every guy gets a crush on his teacher. It's normal. But wasn't Oedipus homeschooled?", "I hate jokes that rely on visual imagery. I've had it right up to here with them.", "I ordered a hotel wake-up call the other day. The phone rang and a woman's voice said, \"What the hell are you doing with your life?\"", "The first guy who heard a parrot talk was probably not ok for several days. / ", "Me and my mates are in a band called Duvet. We're a cover band.", "I came across a hooker who'd do anything for $50\nGuess who got the porch repainted?", "When I asked my friend how he's doing, he said \"man, I'm just happy to be breathing\". I told him he should have bigger aspirations.", "If M&M's go to university, do they become Smarties? / ", "I am going to see if money really is happiness. I am now taking donations.", "I've legally changed my name to \"Not Guilty\" so next time the judge calls me I'm free to leave. / ", "My son is allergic to peanuts. He breaks out in a rash every time I bring home my paycheck.", "Give a man a gun and he'll rob a bank...... Give a man a bank and he'll rob everyone. / ", "The human brain is awesome. It functions 24/7 from the moment we are born and only stops working when you're taking an exam / ", "I lost another audio-book and now I'll never hear the end of it. / ", "Time flies when you're throwing watches.", "I had a go at parachuting today.I went to the local airfield and said, \"Stupid parachute morons jumping out of bloody planes\"", "I've got a friend named Jay. We call him J for short.", "The inventor of the anagram has died, may he \"erect a penis.\" / ", "Frozen sculptures look quite good, icy pose.", "The last time I saw my sister was at an Oasis concert. I was standing in the croud shouting \"Go Oasis Go!\". I haven't seen her since.", "\"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take\"...is terrible advice for a recovering alcoholic.", "A dwarf walked into a library and asked for a book on irony. The librarian said \"Yes, it's on the top shelf\"", "Sometimes, I put my hands on the floor, tuck my head toward my chest and then lean forward... 'Cause that's how I roll.", "I\u2019ve started carrying a gun after an attempted mugging a few years ago and since then, my mugging attempts have been a lot more successful. / ", "Why was the 6 month old African baby crying? It was having a mid life crisis", "Why did Michael Jackson start the race 10 minutes late? He wanted to come in a little behind.", "A compromise is an agreement whereby both parties get what neither of them wanted.", "What has a whole bunch of little balls and screws old ladies? A bingo machine.", "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.", "Shout out to the people wondering what the opposite of in is. / ", "Whats the difference between a ginger fanny and a cricket ball? If you try really hard, Really really hard, You can eat a cricket ball.", "A man walks into a bar and says \"ow\".", "I don't care what is written about me as long as it isn't true. ----Katherine Hepburn", "I've just been spending some time at my wifes grave..She still thinks I'm digging a garden pond.", "When I get mad I count down from ten out loud. I was arrested, the cops mistook me for a bomb.", "What do you call a wizard who's running late for the Hogwarts Express? Hurry Potter.", "Ever hear of the Tempura House? It's a home for lightly battered women.", "Is it 'I will RUN through a camping site'? Or 'I will RAN through a camping site'? (Cos it's past tents)", "Why did the joke about the roof get no laughs? It went over their heads.", "It takes guts to be an organ donor. / ", "Marriage is not a word. It's a sentence.", "When can women make you a millionaire? When you're a billionaire.", "What sort of jam can't you eat? Traffic jam.", "Little Johnny: Teacher, can I go to the bathroom? \nTeacher: Little Johnny, MAY I go to the bathroom? \nLittle Johnny: But I asked first!", "He who laughs last is generally a bit slow.", "Why does Ariel from the Little Mermaid wear seashells? Because the B-shells won't fit.", "I tried uploading my sex tape to PornHub. They told me to try Vine.", "COVID-19: The pandemic that causes funeral homes to have a 'back to school' sale. / ", "It doesn't matter how good the soap smells, don't come out of the toilets smelling your fingers. / ", "Me and my recliner go way back.", "Health insurance and homeowner's insurance are the same thing to a Turtle.", "I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you. / ", "Did you know that some saltwater crocodiles can grow up to 20 feet! But most only have 4.", "What did the elephant say to the naked man? \"Can you breathe through that?\"", "People who cancel appointments are disappointing. / ", "Why are there so many Smiths in the phone book? Cos they all have phones.", "I couldn't be lazy even if I tried. / ", "If winning isn't everything, why do we keep score?", "45 minutes on the treadmill and I didn't die. Maybe I'll turn it on next time. / ", "What do cows do for entertainment?\nThey rent \"moovies\".", "My son starts school on Monday and is so scared of being picked on. I guess it's my own fault for calling him 'Someoneyourownsize'", "Hey, to whoever invented the zero: Thanks for nothing.", "What do you get when you cross a a rooster and a hoot owl? A cock that stays up all night.", "My last girlfriend left me because of my obsession with touching pasta, feeling cannelloni right now. / ", "If you are an American in the living room, what are you in the bathroom? European", "What did the Mexican say when he was upset? I don't want to taco bout it because it's nacho business. ", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Doughnut. Doughnut who? Doughnut ask, it's a secret.", "I've started telling people about the benefits of eating dried grapes. It's all about raisin awareness. / ", "Q: What do you do when an Antartian throws a pin at you?\nA: Run, because the grenade is in her mouth!!", "I hate Russian dolls. They're so full of themselves.", "I was at the ATM when an old lady came up to me and asked to check her balance so I pushed her over.", "Whenever I get an urge to talk to you, I do the thing I'm worst at, because it makes me feel the same way as you do. / Irony is, I'll get best at it.", "So two fish are in a tank and one turns to the other and says, \"How do you drive this thing?\"", "I just texted my girlfriend Ruth and told her it was over. I'm Ruthless.", "I was an ugly kid, when I played in the sandbox, the cat kept covering me up.", "The phrase \u201cdominant hand\u201d implies the existence of a submissive hand. / ", "What did the gay man say to his cheating boyfriend? I see you already have your shit packed, now get out!", "I'm beginning to think that if opportunity ever does knock, it'll be because it has to use my bathroom.", "Thank goodness for electricity. Without it, we'd all be watching tv by candlelight.", "What do you call a man in the sea with no arms and no legs? Bob", "Geek: The people you pick on in high school and work for after.", "If America changed from pounds to kilograms overnight, would it create mass confusion? / ", "I love cooking children and dogs. but I hate using commas.", "I'm sexually attracted to pasta and I'm not ashamed of my fettishini. / ", "Tomorrow I am going to open the time capsule I buried as a kid. I can't wait to see how big my puppy got.", "My girlfriend thinks I have a gambling addiction. She hasn't said anything, but I bet that's what she's thinking.", "The up-side to procrastination is you always have something to do tomorrow.", "What do you call a man with ham on his head? Hammed. What do you call a man with more ham on his head? Mohammed", "Standing in the paint aisle at the DIY centre always brings a tear to my eye. I can't help but get emulsional.", "I hate when I'm standing there trying to be handsome when some other guy comes and stands next to me and challenges my handsomeness.", "I know a man who taught his dog to play the trumpet on the London Underground. He went from Barking to Tooting in an hour.", "So you know that phenomenon in 1990 that 150 sheep fell off a cliff? Well that's \"unherd\" of.", "I received an email from Google. It said, \"At Google Earth we can read maps backwards \" I thought, \"That's just spam.\"", "Prostate cancer, it's what kills you in the end. / ", "Lately I've been feeling a void in my life. It's probably nothing.", "Two fish in a tank. One says to the other \"Do you know how to drive this?\"", "What's the difference between Santa and Tiger Woods? Santa kept it down to three hos.", "10 reasons I\u2019m lazy:\n1)", "What do you get for stealing a slut's vegetables? Her peas.", "Tampax are releasing a limited edition, egg shaped tampon. It's for the Easter period only.", "A well executed theft without leaving any fingerprints, is a stain-less steal. / ", "How are synagogues like lemons?  They're full of acidic juice.", "What's the difference between Celebrity Big Brother and Big Brother? Nothing.", "A cop pulled over a Rabbi on Yom Kippur and said \"hey you were speeding\". The Rabbi replied \"no, I'm fasting\".", "To be frank, I'd have to change my name. / ..", "I don't mind if you're pansexual, just stay away from my cookware. / ", "The top job at the Old MacDonald's farm corporation is the CIEIO. / ", "If I was a burglar, I would take a shower after every burglary. I want to be sure to get a clean getaway.", "Our house doesn't have enough electrical sockets. It's a real power struggle.", "I always learn from the mistake of others who take my advice.", "I took a test in Existentialism. I left all the answers blank and got 100.", "My doctor asked if I was sexually active. I said \"Define active, there are volcanoes classed as active that haven't gone off in centuries\"", "A despondent Notorious B.I.G sits an empty suitcase on his bed and sighs. \"I love going on vacation but I hate Tupac.\"", "Guys, to avoid being raped when in jail, stick a tube of toothpaste up your butt, for complete cavity protection. / ", "You better start brushing your teeth son, Oral-B very mad. / ", "Without ME, it's just AWESO.", "What do Americans do immediately after winning the World Cup? Turn off the Playstation.", "I bet that bitch Carole Baskin wins Dancing with the Stars when all the other contestants mysteriously disappear. / ", "My wife bought a sheepskin burka for the cold weather.She looks like mutton dressed Islam.", "What do you call a guy who lives in a bush? Russell.", "What's a pirates favorite thing to knit? Scaaaaaarrves ", "Why did the woman cross the road? To go back to the first clothes shop she was in 3 hours ago.", "Why is Peter Pan always flying? Cause he neverlands haah", "My penis was in the Guinness book of world records, but then the librarian told me to take it out. / ", "Cure for Covid 19 accidentally discovered in Beirut. / ", "What do you call a woman who sounds like an ambulance? Nina.", "Why didn't Mr. Clean's wife ever get pregnant? He comes in a bottle.", "Why is there such a shortage of teachers in Africa? Teacher's aides", "What if slugs are just snails that have been through a divorce and the partner got the house. / ", "A duck walks into the pharmacy to buy some chapstick and says \"just put it on my bill\"", "I want to find my true self. But for fun, I decided to throw on some camouflage.", "Deaf people should be called sign-tists. / ", "I'm friends with 25 letters of the alphabet, but I don't know Y. / ", "Honey, would you like a snack? \"No\" Then would you make me one?", "When at wal mart: tell manager over intercom to find your lost friend mike hunt", "My wife stood in front of the mirror:\"I'm massive\" she moaned. \"Will you help me?\" \"Of course,\" I said, as I moved the mirror further away.", "What's the worst part about having sex with Marilyn Monroe? Maggots.", "Sleep + social life = bad grades. Good grades + sleep = no social life. Good grades + social life = no sleep.", "R Kelly ~ taking the art out of rap artist / ", "Did Snoop Dogg really change his name, or is Snoop Lion?", "Nobody believed me when I told them I can chop down a tree just by looking at it, but I saw it with my own eyes. / ", "Middle age is when you\u2019ve met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else.", "I love sarcasm. It's like punching people in the brain with words. / ", "Of course it's in the last place you look. You're not gonna keep looking after that..right?", "Have you ever seen Puns: The Musical? If not, you really should. It's a great play on words.", "My wife let's me show her who's boss every once in awhile.", "After a recent accident, I managed to save loads of money on my car insurance. By driving away really quickly.", "Traffic Update: Vicks Vaporub lorry has overturned on the motorway. Police have confirmed that there will be no congestion for 8 hours", "A football player missing 75% of their spine is a quarterback. / ", "I can see no end, I have no control, I have no home and there's no escape. Definitely need a new keyboard.", "How do you make a woman angry and sick at the same time? Cholera, bitch.", "What does the Chicago Cubs' name stand for? Completely Useless By September.", "My math professor staples Burger King applications to failed tests.", "What do call a woman with a tortoise on her back? Shelley", "I don't want to sound big headed but I wear a size XXL hat.", "Money can't buy happiness, but I'd much rather cry in a mansion.", "Why do they offer senior discounts? They've had twice as long as anyone else to get the money!", "I hope I never meet the girl of my dreams. Cause she'll be wanting some weird stuff.", "I got a letter from Africa. I didn't open it...certified blackmail.", "Why are Human beings are the only creatures that allow their children to come back home?", "To be fair, I should stay out of the sun / ", "Girls fall for me, because I trip them.", "Who needs rhetorical questions?", "I watched my first porno the other day. I looked so much younger then. / ", "My wife is finally losing weight thanks to a new slimming club.  If she goes near the fridge, I hit her with it.", "Due to so few visitors at the local cemetery, they are now employing skeleton staff. / ", "I've just poured superglue into a non-stick pan. Someone's going to be wrong.", "I hope fans of my previous post(______) react just as positively to it's sequel, | / ", "Did you hear about the scarecrow that won a Nobel Prize for being outstanding in his field?", "Has Tiny biceps, but they are getting fatter in the middle.", "Home: A mobile home with a flat tire.", "I just got hit by a rental car. It Hertz.", "What do you call twin policemen? Copies. ", "I have a stepladder. I never knew my real ladder / ", "How did a fool and his money get together in the first place?", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Nobel. Nobel who? No bell so I had to knock.", "In hindsight, I realized that bringing fry oil, flour, spices and bread crumbs to a battered women's shelter's wine tour was a joke in pour, taste. / ", "What's the difference between a penis and a bonus? Your missus will blow your bonus!", "Did you hear that two men went to prison for stealing a calendar? They both got six months", "Marriage is a relationship wherein one person is always right and the other person is the husband.", "Did you hear that David Copperfield has aids now? Yea, he was doing Magic.", "What do you call an Indian peeping tom? Mustafa Ganda", "If I had to describe myself in one word it would be \"Doesn't understand instructions\"", "Vegetarians eat vegetables;I'm a humanitarian", "At school we discussed the great rulers. I opted for the Helix 30cm shatterproof.", "Why was the leper hockey game canceled? There was a face-off in the corner.", "Look people I don't like exercise so I'm not going to walk a mile in your shoes. I'll judge you standing right here.", "The word 'Gnba' really makes me angry. It's bang out of order!", "I've been diagnosed with agoraphobia. Get in!", "I spent four hours last night making a belt out of fresh herbs. What a fucking waist of thyme that turned out to be. / ", "Bought the missus a vibrator for her birthday. She's done nothing but moan ever since.", "Can anyone remember? What was the name of the big bird in Sesame Street?", "Anyone can become a tearable person when you put their picture on paper. / ", "Is waiting for the istore to come up with a dollar menu.", "I knew I was going bald when it kept taking me longer and longer to wash my face.", "What do you call a mathematician at the beach? A tan gent.", "What kind of light must you switch on with your leg? A knee-on.", "I come from a family of magicians, I have 2 half sisters. / ", "Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? They are really good at it.", "I'm seriously contemplating remarrying my ex wife but I'm scared she will realize that I'm just after my money / ", "My wife is really mad I have no sense of direction, so I packed my stuff and right. / ", "Did I ever post my Alzheimer's joke? I don't remember", "You'd think that atoms bonding with other atoms would mean they're being friendly, but really they steal each other's electrons. How ionic.", "Did Adam and eve have belly buttons?", "I bought some 'Jamie Oliver Sausages' yesterday. On the packet it said 'Prick with a fork'I thought, can't argue with that!", "If a plane is an aircraft, does that make a broom a witchcraft?", "I've no idea why my dog always goes mad whenever someone comes to the front door..It's hardly ever for him.", "Let him who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.", "What happened when the reporter fell into the water? She became an anchor", "I used to live in a tyre, but it got a puncture. Now I just live in a flat.", "Mary had a little lamb, and then she had dessert.", "I met a girl with 12 nipples today. Sounds fun, Dozen tit?", "Why can't little black kids play in sandboxes?  Cats keep trying to cover them up", "Two wrongs make a riot.", "I've just had a ploughman's lunch. He wasn't very happy about it.", "How does a muppet die? It Kermits suicide.", "I used to have a fear of hurdles, but I got over it.", "My Contacts have been very irritating lately, so I deleted them off my phone .", "My dad just came first in a drag race. I had no idea a man could run so fast in a cocktail dress and high heels!", "I can't believe it's pancake Tuesday again. Honestly, it just cr\u00eaped up on me.", "What's the difference between a well dressed man on a tricycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle? A tire.", "My grandma at 85 years, still doesn't use glasses. She drinks straight from the bottle. / ", "I used to be in a band called 'Missing Cat'. You probably saw our posters.", "Two Men walk into a bar but the third one ducks. / ", "A chemistry lab is like a big party. Some drop the acid while others drop the base.", "While driving yesterday I saw a banana peel in the road and instinctively swerved to avoid it....thanks Mario Kart.", "Some guy knocked on my door today and said, \"I have a parcel for your next door neighbour.\" I said, \"You've got the wrong house then mate.\"", "Had a fight with an erection this morning. I beat it single handedly.", "I bought a boat half price. It was on sail. / ", "A bad analogy is like a bad analogy / ", "Accordion to a recent survey, replacing words with the names of musical instruments in a sentence, often goes undetected. / ", "I started a ship building company in my garage. The sails went through the roof. / ", "I say no to alcoho, but it never listens.", "I don't have bad handwriting. I have my own font.", "Geology rocks but geography is where it's at / ", "*walks upto a girl with literally no butt* hey did someone appreciate that ass, it just seems flattered. / ", "How many New Yorkers does it take to screw in a light bulb? None of your damn business!", "What's a pirate's favorite thing to read?\nNothing, he can't.", "Four fonts walk into a bar the barman says ''Oi - get out! We don't want your type in here''", "If I got $1 every time a woman said I was't her type, I'd be her type.", "Einstein developed a theory about space. And it was about time too!", "A good friend is worth pursuing. But why would a good friend be running away from me?", "If you lose one sense, your other senses are enhanced. That's why people with no sense of humour have an increased sense of self-importance", "To the person who invented 0: Thanks for nothing.", "I just hired a private investigator to find out what I do all day. / ", "Oneliners are great and all until your big-beaked friend, Aharon Hoover, comes by. / ", "Why don't mummies go on holiday? They're afraid to relax and unwind.", "What do you do if a bird shits on your car? Don't take her out again", "Decided to get into shape..I choose shape of potatoe.", "My toilet is full of it. He's always loaded with crap.", "Some people have a way with words, Others not have way.", "My wife said she was leaving me because of my obsession with \"The Monkeys\". I thought she was joking, then I saw her face.", "When I canceled my gym membership, I had to submit a too weak notice. / ", "I will be posting telepathically today. So if you think of something funny, that was me. / ", "What kind of Tea do satanists prefer? / Herbaal.", "A desserter abandoned his diet / ", "What do you get if you jump into the red sea? Wet.", "My talking dog gave me a stick the other day and told me he found it 600 miles away.I thought that's a bit far-fetched.", "What do they call a man who builds twenty boats a month? Sir Launchalot.", "Even if there is nothing to say, that hasn't stopped some people.", "\"What do we want?\" \"A cure for Tourettes\" \"When do we want it?\" \"Cunts!\"", "My Sony receiver just told me to standby as it was turning off. Next thing you know it'll want me to hug it.", "Women should not have children after 50. Really\u2026 50 children are enough.", "Abortions are so fun. It really brings out the kid in you", "I wish I could take credit for that, but I'm not god. He takes credit for everything. / ", "Teacher: A person who helps you solve problems you wouldn't have without them.", "How many immature people does it take to change a lightbulb? Your Mother!", "What did the biologist wear on his first date? Designer genes.", "I get a headache thinking past 140 characters.", "I always play fair when I make the rules.", "How do I avoid problem solving? / ", "I really miss travelling so I'm going the the mall with a packed suitcase to do laps for 8 hours. / ", "To whoever invented the zero..Thanks for nothing.", "It's the little things that count. That's why I'm hosting a math class for midgets.", "Lionel Messi goes up girl in a club and says \"Get your coat, you've pulled\" she replies \"Wow, you're a little forward\"", "As soon as women see me, they immediately in shape to impress me. They start running.", "A quarter of my roof blew away last night. Oof. / ", "Dear microwave, Why are your minutes so much longer than normal ones? Sincerely, super hungry me.", "I tried to sue the airport for misplacing my luggage. I lost my case.", "Did you hear? Sting was kidnapped! The Police still have no lead.", "Indebted: when you use your visa to pay off your MasterCard.", "What do you call a hot chick in Boston? A tourist", "I'm sure it was my two-year-old son who stole my pen. It's written all over his face.", "Know what the two pessimists did when they first met? They shook their heads.", "I'm not paranoid, but I'm sure there are people who think I am. / ", "I bloody hate flash mobs.One once kicked my door down and forced me to update my Adobe.", "YouTube has drastically changed my attention span from about three hours to three minutes.", "What's worse than getting raped by Jack the Ripper?  Getting fingered by Captain Hook", "Say what you will about Jerry Sandusky but he was a damn good coach. He could turn a tight end into a wide receiver in no time.", "Dweet: (v) Tweeting while intoxocated.", "A bear hug isn't truly a bear hug unless it's administered by a real bear.", "Did you hear a Payless Shoe Source got looted in Ferguson? The only thing left were the work boots.", "All countries eventually got coronavirus, but China got it right off the bat / ", "Somewhere, a smart Laser eye surgeon has an office full of brochures that are all slightly out of focus.", "My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a life ban from the zoo.", "My mate told me that his wife could do with losing a few pounds. So I mugged her.", "Did you hear about the deaf man from Ballinasloe? Neither did he! / ", "My doctor told me to drink two glasses of red wine after a hot bath but I can't even finish drinking the hot bath. / ", "I just boiled the hell out of a pot of tap water - now I have holy water. / ", "I didnt lose, I just ran out of time to win.", "I changed my car horn sound to gunshots, people move out of the way much faster now.", "The funniest joke in the world isn't recorded. Every time someones tries to write it down, they die of laughter.", "I think my wife is bi polar. She's the size of 2 fucking bears. / ", "I always try to go the extra mile at work, but my boss always finds me and brings me back.", "No matter how much you push the envelope, it will always remain stationary.", "Why has the pope never won a gold medal?  Because he always came in a little behind.", "Avoid the christmas chaos - go to church on sundays.", "I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.", "I am thankful for laughter, except when milk comes out of my nose.", "My boss said \"You're the worst fucking train driver ever. How many trains have you derailed to date?\" I replied \"It's hard to keep track.\"", "Did you know that Iceland is only one sea away from Ireland? / ", "I don't want to sound like I'm showing off or something, but people put bricks through my windows just so they can hear me practicing my saxophone louder. / ", "MeToo# hasn\u2019t peaked until tina fey remakes scarface / ", "What sits at the bottom of the sea and shivers? A nervous wreck.", "\"If you want to see a comic strip, you should see me in the shower.\"", "If it's a Classified Ad, Why is it publicly published?", "The difference between \"burro\" and \"burrow?\" - if you don't know that, you can't tell your ass from a hole in the ground. / ", "I was deeply scared about making a tinder account but, I beat it. / ", "At a job interview \"What are your strengths?\" \"I'm an optimist and a positive thinker\" \"Can you give me an example?\" \"Yes, when do I start?\"", "Be there in 5 minutes, if not, read this again.", "My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last last. He was caught in a trap..", "Roman numerals can't even explain how I'm feeling right now... I'm LIVID / ", "Ever since my ex gave me an egg timer for my birthday, my life's been turned upside down! / ", "I watched a documentary about how ships are held together. Riveting / ", "Video games ruined my life. Luckily, I have two more.", "Did you hear about the new Chinese Cookbook being sold only at pet stores? \n\"101 Ways to Wok Your Dog\"", "I used to be a tap dancer, but I kept falling in the sink.", "Why did Sean Connery swap his dog for a cat / Because teaching the dog to sit was getting too messy", "I avoid oneliners for the same reason I avoid cocaine: one line is never enough. / ", "Do you know what all kind of imported port-a-potties should be called? EUROPEAN.", "Police are looking for a man on suspicion of beastiality. He was last seen yesterday at 10:00am getting into a Jaguar..", "I really want to buy one of those grocery checkout dividers but the checkout lady keeps putting it back.", "Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.", "What do you call a man with a rabbit in his mouth?Warren.", "What do you call a girl standing between two goal posts? Annette.", "Did you hear about the terrible accident at Spaghetti Junction? Twelve people were injured, and three pastaway.", "My favorite sexual position is the JFK. I splatter all over her while she screams and tries to get out of the car.", "I hate it when you sincerely compliment someone\u2019s mustache and suddenly she\u2019s not your friend anymore. / ", "Taking a dog named Shark to the beach is a big mistake. / ", "I tried calling the tinnitus helpline, but it just kept ringing. / ", "Pizza is like sex, when it is good it's VERY GOOD, when it's bad...it's still pretty good.", "Last night I got my laxatives mixed up with my viagra tablets. I didn't know whether I was coming or going.", "How many divorced men does it take to change a light bulb? Who cares? They never get the house anyway. ", "You gotta hand it to short people because they can't reach it", "My best friend ran off to become a mime, I haven't heard from him since.", "1 1 1 1 1 / ", "Secks; it\u2019s been so long, I\u2019m lucky I can still spell it / ", "Emaul: degrading someone via e-mail", "I had to quit my job at the orange juice factory. I just couldn't concentrate.", "A guru hops around often, he's known as the Kan Guru.", "Why do scuba divers fall backwards out of boats? If they fell forwards they would still be in the boat. ", "What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horse's ass? A mechanic", "I asked my gym instructor if he could teach me to do the splits. He said \"How flexible are you?\". I said \"I can't make Tuesdays\".", "I rang the council to ask if I could have a skip outside my house. They said \"You can cartwheel down the street for all we care\"", "My wife left me because she said it was annoying how I related everything in life to batman. What a Joker.", "What did the homeless man get for Christmas? Frostbite.", "How do you make a horse drink? Put it in a blender.", "Want to hear a construction joke? I'm working on it.", "A bloke just ran up to me and said he was going to beat me up with the neck of his guitar! I said, is that a fret?", "The reason I wish I was in a gang would be so I know what to do with my hands in pictures.", "I never go to funerals. I'm just not a mourning person.", "I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me!", "I get up early. I get up so early I wake up the rooster / (It\u2019s from Norm)", "Why don't U2's lawyers ever make any money? All their work is pro Bono.", "Someone once asked me why I don't cuddle after sex. I said it's because I only have an hour before the coroner comes back from his lunch break. / ", "What is it called when you kill your friend? Homiecide.\n\nOr murder", "Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes", "It's annoying when fat people say obesity \"runs\" in their family when clearly, nothing does.", "What do you call a sleepwalking nun?A roamin' Catholic.", "I was arguing with my girlfriend in Nando's when my best mate ran off with the garlic bread and coleslaw. I wish he would stop taking sides.", "If I had a Delorean, I would probably only drive it from time to time. / ", "My neighbor wrote in his journal that I'm a nosey bastard. The nerve of some people. / ", "Did you hear about the guy who went bankrupt in the laundry business? He says he's all washed up.", "\"Bitch please... If dicks could fly, your mouth would be an airport. \" / ", "If you took offense to anything I said, I certainly regret that you did that --Principal Shepherd, Family Guy S18E20 / ", "Do midgets still start their childhood stories off with \"When I was little?\"", "What if there were no hypothetical questions? / ", "The only plastic surgery I'll ever give my wife is cutting up her credit cards.", "Why do mice have tiny balls? Very few know how to dance.", "What's the best cheese to use if you want to lure a bear out the woods? Camembert.", "Breaking News: Pedigree Chum have gone bust! They've called in the retrievers.", "My wife and I are having a competition to see who can steal the most dog related stuff from our local petshop..I've just taken the lead.", "What do you call a Mexican bodybuilder without a protein shake? No whey Jos\u00e9", "George Michael has been found with a chocolate bar up his arse. Apparently it was a careless wispa.", "I used to be a wrestler, I would get a guy in a head lock and write my name on their forehead..It was my signature move.", "I crack good drug puns. / ", "The dyslexic devil worshipper sold his soul to santa. / ", "Nothing makes me feel more in control then the shaking, panicking icons when I'm about to delete an app.", "Knock! Knock!\nWho's there?\nAch.\nAch who?\nBless you.", "I had to tell my patient I'd dreadfully messed up his plastic surgery. I'll never forget the look on his elbow.", "I have an on again off again relationship with clothing.", "What's the difference between 'light' and 'hard'? You can fall asleep with a light on!", "A grasshopper walks into a bar & the bartender goes \"we have a drink named after you\". The grasshopper goes \"you have a drink named Kevin?\"", "Parentnoia:Parentnoia is the irrational fear parents have that their children are doing something wrong, or being hurt in some way.", "The brain is simple, the mind is not. / ", "The only thing flat-earthers fear, is sphere itself. / ", "Nobel Peace Prize, I'd kill for one of those!", "A slice of apple pie is $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas because those are the pie rates of the Caribbean. / ", "lDon't take candy from strangers unless they offer you a ride.", "I've bought the wife a transparent bath. It'll save me a fortune on taking the kids to Sea World.", "I poured spot-remover on my dog and now he's gone.", "I was going to procrastinate today, but decided to do it tomorrow instead. / ", "What is long, hard, round and full of seamen? A submarine.", "What's a Scottish football fan's favourite movie? Home Alone.", "I went to the shop to buy some camouflage trousers earlier. But I couldn't find any.", "What's a Canadian's favorite letter? A.", "'Yo yo'--a six year old's favorite toy, or two gang members talking? You be the judge.", "Why did the riot police show up early to the protest? They wanted to beat the crowd.", "How did the burger wear it's hair? In a bun.", "What's the difference between a candle and a curry? A candle only burns at one end.", "What do you call it when a girl wipes back to front? A Choco-Taco", "What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick", "I always try not to judge people. Which is probably why I lost my job as a judge!", "I met a drunk ventriloquist who said she wanted to sleep with me but I didn't know whether it was her or the beer talking. / ", "Gashole: A jerk who drives something that consumes a lot of gas.", "It was only 7 days ago, but it felt just like last week.", "No matter how big your smartphone's screen is, you still have to scroll down to see Chelsea's position in the league table.", "I always do my homework in a restaurant, the customer is always right / ", "I've been revising for a practical exam on pest control. I was up all night swatting.", "Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is? / ", "Drive carefully. 90% of people are accidents.", "Sodomy can be a pain in the ass. / ", "What do u call a hilarious Mexican herb?  Sillyantro", "How do you make Anti-freeze? Hide her blankets.", "Why did they kick the leper out of the restaurant? They had to keep changing the finger bowls.", "Trump was asked what the 'J' stood for in Donald J Trump ? / He said,  \"Jenius\"", "Someone very close to me died the other day. Luckily the bus wasn't full so I just changed seats.", "There are three types of people in this world. Those that can count and those that can't.", "The kids next Door have challenged me to a water fight. I'm updating twitter while I wait for the kettle to boil.", "Incorrectly is always spelt Incorrectly, unless it's spelt incorrectly. / ", "A boat builder is showing his son one of his forests. He turns to him and says, \"Son, one day all this will be oars\"", "My girlfriend left me for my neediness of approval. That's ridiculous, right guys? Right? Right?", "I decided to put laxatives in my weed brownies just for shits and giggles", "Did you hear about the vampire bicycle that went around biting people? It was a vicious cycle.", "Myth:\n\nIt is said to be that once the 'M' in MTV once stood for music.", "I dropped acid last night. My shoes are fucking ruined. / ", "What do thieves get for stealing calendars? 12 months", "lA paper should be like a mini skirt: long enough to cover everything, but short enough to keep it interesting.", "This girl came up to me today and said she recognized me from the vegetarian club. I was confused, I'd never met herbivore.", "Today someone was killed with a starter pistol. Police think it might be race related.", "What happens if you go on a survival course..and you don't pass?", "Kiss me if I'm wrong. But dinosaurs still exist right?", "My girlfriend got in the shower with me. She said \"Oooh baby, I want you to do bad things to me!\" So I put shampoo in her eyes.", "If animals aren't meant to be eaten, why are they made of meat ? / ", "My son took his first steps this morning. The window cleaner was furious.", "I saw a cop pull over a U Haul today. Looks like he was trying to bust a move.", "I just put ham and pineapple in a roll today, because that's Hawaii roll. / ", "I hate it when people mix their metaphors, I mean come on people! It's not rocket surgery!", "The inventor of velcro died today..... RIP / ", "Guilt: a blanket of your own regrets.", "How many ants are needed to fill an apartment? Ten-ants ", "Just paid \u00a35 for a strip of Velcro. What a rip off!", "I slept right through the alarm this morning. Good thing it was only a small fire.", "\" I bet your ass must be very envious of the sheer amount of shit that can come out of your mouth \" . / ", "Officer to drunk boy : \"How high are you?\" Drunk Boy: No officer, its \"Hi! How are you?\"", "How do you stop a bull from charging? Take away his credit card.", "When a friend steals your earthmoving equipment just yell, / \"Gimme dat back, hoe!\"", "Why did the football manager give his team lighters? Cos they kept losing all of their matches.", "My friend couldn't afford to pay his huge water bill, so I sent him a \"Get 'Well' Soon\" card. / ", "I've just found out that the guy that stole my journal has died. My thoughts are with his family.", "last night i played a blank tape at full blast and the mime next door went nuts!", "One person gets an idiom wrong and it spreads like wildflower / ", "So sick of my best mate laughing at my virginity.. After joking about it for the 100th time..I finally lost it with him!", "When a recipe asks for crushed ice, I tell the cubes they'll never amount to anything.", "I just spent half hour grilling some chicken..but it still wouldn't tell me why it crossed the road!", "In a thousand years, archaeologists will dig up tanning beds and think we fried people for punishment.", "Russian Roulette: You win some, you lose one.", "How do you tell if someone's balls are sensitive? Give them a test-tickle", "I asked the judge to shorten my sentence and he interrupted me. / ", "What do you call a girl with one leg? Eileen ", "How many McDonald's workers does it take to change a light bulb? None, because they can't climb the ladder.", "They say a picture is worth a thousand words, but if your word ain't worth a dime, that puts an upper bound on your picture of $100. / ", "My neighbor was bragging about his new 1.8 liter Honda, so I told him I just bought a 2.0 liter Mountain Dew. / ", "Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.", "Two naked oiled up women just burst in my house and started wrestling with my wife. Luckily, I was able to knock one out.", "There's now a record number of male hairdressers in this country. More evidence of our society's descent into barberism.", "The symbol in which everyone thinks is a heart  is not actually derived from an actual heart? But a rear view of a girl bending over.", "What's white and can't climb trees? A Fridge", "If you want to make God laugh, tell him your future plans.", "It must be difficult to judge a wet t-shirt contest. I saw one and all the t-shirts looked equally wet.", "Why did the Native American sleep in the hotel lobby? He didn't have a reservation.", "What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve? Christopher Walken. ", "Everything is a smoke machine if you use it wrong enough. / ", "Wrestling is so stupid. Men with no pants, fighting for a belt. / ", "A truck full of Viagra was stolen today. Police are on the lookout for a group of hardened criminals.", "Every once in a while, it's important to show my kids who's boss. (I do this by pointing to my wife.)", "What does every Pirate bachelor hate? A small chest with no booty.", "Brazilian footballers can't usually do bird impressions, but Pele can. / ", "What did the buffalo say to its kid when it went to school? Bison.", "Got a puzzle that said \"2-4 years\" only took me 1.", "What's the difference between erotic and kinky? Erotic is using a feather; kinky is using the whole chicken.", "I bought my wife a refrigerator for her birthday....I know it isn't much, but you should have seen her face light up when she opened it. / ", "Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds really fun if you don't know what either of those two things are / ", "What do you call a pile of cats?  A MEOWTAIN.", "My grandfather puts horse manure on his rhubarb..I prefer it with custard.", "By the time you finally understand grown-ups, you are one. Dennis the Menace", "I Slept like a baby last night. I shit myself and woke up screaming.", "Starbucks isnt that expensive, when you think of how much Victoria Secrets charges per cup. / ", "Did you hear they are looking for someone to be in charge of potato snacks in the monastery? The job description will be:  Chipmonk.", "What do you call a bullet proof scouser? Kev Laa!", "Can't find the bottom of my shoes. Guess I have some sole searching to do.", "Boredom is just the absence of motivation / ", "How many valley girls does it take to change a light bulb? Manual labor? Gag me with a spoon!", "If you want to setup a company and run it then that\u2019s your business. / ", "What is the opposite of progress? Congress.", "You know you're ugly when a boiling kettle won't even give you a whistle.", "Just in Tesco and I put my veggies in with my Nintendo. Now my Wii smells of asparagus.", "Sunbathing on the beach, the wife came up to me asked what I thought of her flip flops? \"Bloody horrible\", I said \"Put your bikini top back on\".", "What's the difference between a chick pea and a potato? You wouldn't pay to have a potato on you.", "Did you hear about the man who fell asleep at the wheel? There was a terrible mess, clay everywhere...", "My doctor diagnosed me with cancer and Alzheimer's. At least it isn't cancer.", "I make dandruff from scratch. / ", "I was wondering if the world was ready for ejaculating clocks, then I thought, I guess we'll know when the time comes. / ", "Tried to catch fog yesterday. Mist", "Why should Steve Irwin have put on sunscreen? To protect himself from the harmful rays.", "Why did the homeless man vote for Obama? Because he promised change.", "Just saw a guy hairier than Chewbacca dipped in Rogaine", "Why did the computer crash? Because it had a bad driver!", "How many 11s does it take to change a lightbulb? 9. 9 11 changed everything.", "Somebody actually complimented me on my driving today. They left a note on the windshield. It said, \"Parking fine\", so that was nice.", "My wife asked me, \"Did you eat my chocolate in the cupboard last night?\" \"No, don't be silly\" I replied\" I ate it on the sofa.\"", "If you\u2019re so intent on always being right, you won\u2019t have anything left. / ", "I MUSTACHE you a question, but I'll SHAVE it for later.", "How do you turn a duck into a soul singer? Stick it in the microwave until it's Bill Withers", "Why is there so much month left at the end of my money? / ", "Got thrown out of Dragons Den. Apparently asking Deborah Meaden to \"Fuck off and get me a sandwich while the men talk business\" is unacceptable.", "I told my doctor that every time I cross into another country I have to get drunk. He said I was border-line alcoholic.", "What is Kanye West's favourite kind of omelette? Omeletteyoufinish", "A men tells his doctor \"Doc, help,I'm addicted to Twitter!\" the doctor replies, \"sorry, I dont follow you..\"", "Osama's last tweet: \"I didn't know Twitter could enable your location, this may be a problem\"", "What do you call a teacher that doesn't fart in public? A private tooter.", "Whats the difference between two dicks and a joke? You can't take a joke.", "If you stick your head between two breast implants, are you technically in Silicon Valley? / ", "Amish safe sex: painting an \"X\" on the cows that kick.", "I made a shirt out of thumb tacks because I wanted to look sharp, but everyone said it was tacky.", "Lazy People Fact #5626728943: You were too lazy to read that number.", "Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.", "Moths are always looking on the bright side. / ", "Why don't autobiographies ever end in someone writing a book?", "I never knew what a hassle it'd be to donate blood - so many nosey questions! - whose blood is it, why is it in a bucket, etc... / ", "I said to my wife the other day \"Why dont you tell me when you have an orgasm?\" She said \"I dont like to ring you at work.\"", "I met a girl in town who told me she'd show me a good time. Then she ran 100m in 9.69 seconds.", "What does a clock do when its hungry? Go back for seconds.", "As I put the car in reverse, I thought \"This takes me back\". / ", "If a blind prostitute tells you that you're the biggest she's ever felt, she might be pulling your leg. / ", "Went swimming. Had a wee in the deep end. Lifeguard blew his whistle so loud I nearly fell in.", "If Eve doomed the human population for an apple.. What would she do for a Klondike?", "A tachyon is just a gluon that isn't dry / ", "If my sex toy business doesn't pick up soon, I'm gonna have to pull the plug. / ", "Winter's coming, time to take off the stained satin sheets.", "A wise man once said nothing.", "Sometimes I wake up grumpy; Other times I let him sleep.", "My motto is, \"If you can't beat them, what's the point of becoming a teacher?\" / ", "The first guy who persuaded a blind person they needed sunglasses - he must have been a hell of a salesman.", "Do you know why surgeons use masks? It is to be not recognised again.", "How do snails fight? They slug it out.", "Two sausages in a frying pan. One says \"it's hot in here!\" The other says \"bugger me a talking sausage!!\"", "What becomes shorter when you add 2 letters? Short", "What do you call a blonde with 2 brain cells? Pregnant", "The good thing about marriage is that you can have sex at anytime you want. As long as you are the one with the vagina.", "I got slapped at work today. I only asked if she spits or swallows. It seemed like a reasonable question considering we work as wine tasters", "Wedding rings are too much like little handcuffs.", "I said to my wife:\"If you lick my balls I'll come\". She said; \"Fuck off, you're coming shopping with me whether you like it or not!\"", "Still can't believe my mate died last week. He overdosed on Viagra. His wife took it really hard.", "So this black guys stopped me on the subway and asked \"did the Yankees win?\" I said \"Yes, it's ok, you're free now\"", "Lost my mood ring.. Not sure how I feel about this.", "I was gonna tell a joke about a cookie. But it's too crummy.", "What do you give to the man who has everything? Penicillin.", "I'm not saying the wife's fat, but she puts her belt on with a boomerang.", "During which battle was Lord Nelson killed? His last one.", "If women are so perfect at multi-tasking. How come they can't have a headache and sex at the same time?", "I think my mate from the Greater Manchester area may be a transvestite. He has a Wigan address.", "I've been invited round a neighbours for a pre Christmas drink with nibbles. They treat that fucking cat like royalty.", "What's long and hard and makes women groan? An Ironing Board.", "For all you who think nothing is impossible, please go staple jello to a tree.", "What do ISIS and Little Miss Muffet have in common? They both have kurds in their way", "Let's all get drunk and correct each other's grammar.", "What does Geronimo say when he jumps out of a plane?", "I think men who have a pierced ear are more prepared for marriage. They've already bought jewelry and have experienced pain.", "I organized a threesome last night. There were a couple of no-shows, but I still had a great time.", "You can pick your friends and pick your nose, but you can't pick your friend's nose", "Three people having sex is called a threesome and four people having sex is called a foursome. I guess that's why everyone calls me handsome!", "I've spent the last 3 years looking for my ex-wife's killer. Still can't find anyone to do it.", "What's the best part about dating a black girl? Not having to meet the father.", "Maybe we should tone it down a notch. The neighbours changed the name of their wifi network to;\"We can hear you having sex\".", "I'm in trouble with my wife after she asked where I was taking her today? It seems that over the coffee table was not what she wanted to hear.", "I prefer not to think before speaking. I like being just surprised as everyone else by the crazy stuff that comes out of my mouth.", "I've just fallen through the roof of a French bakery.....I'm in a world of pain. / ", "Sometimes wisdom doesn't come with age, sometimes just age likes to show up.", "My wife said she was in the mood for something a bit unusual in the bedroom tonight. So I dragged the dishwasher up there.", "I didn't get a good look at the guy who stole my car, but I managed to write down the license plate number. / ", "I\u2019ve been charged with murder for killing a man with sandpaper, but to be honest, I only intended to rough him up a bit. / ", "I opened a box of animal crackers and discovered the Seal was already broken. / ", "I was born at a very young age. / ", "What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi? People in Dubai don't like the Flintstones but people in Abu Dhabi doooooo.", "The mermaid went to math class wearing her algae bra / ", "What's long and hard on a black man? The first grade.", "When my mom asked me to hand out invitations for my brother\u2019s surprise birthday party, that\u2019s when I realized he was the favorite twin. / ", "The pub is ten minutes from my house, however, my house is two hours from the pub. / ", "I've never met a mirror I didn't like.", "To the thief in the wheelchair who nicked my camouflage jacket. You can hide but you can't run.", "My wife says that my lying is ruining our marriage. But I reckon it's my big dick.", "I got fired for sticking my dick in the pickle slicer at work. She got fired too. Sorry for gherkin your chain.", "To be frank..would involve changing my name.", "What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex? Oral sex makes your day, anal sex makes your hole weak!", "Women only call me ugly until they find out how much money I make; then they call me ugly and poor. / ", "If prisoners get arrested, where do they go?", "IRS: We've got what it takes to take what you've got.", "The wife is cleaning out the cupboards, dirty, filthy and covered in cobwebs. But she's good with the kids!", "Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.", "What did the Mexican Firefighter name his twin sons? Jos\u00e9 and Hose B", "If you think your dog can't count, try putting three dog treats in your pocket and then give him only two of them.", "My math teacher called me average. How mean!", "I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it. It was a shitzu.", "Bullets only do their job after they're fired / ", "I can't stand math teachers. They've got too many problems.", "My local butcher is seven foot tall and a size fourteen shoe.. what does he weigh? Sausages.", "What's the difference between light and hard? You can go to bed with a light on.", "\"Lets make sure there's lots of water surrounding them....now let's make sure they can't drink it.\"- GOD / ", "Teacher: Johnny, you know you can't sleep in my class. \n\nJohnny: I know. But maybe if you were just a little quieter, I could.", "Right after we broke up, my ex-girlfriend asked me how to change her relationship status on Facebook.", "I'm proud of my humility.", "I used to work as a programmer for autocorrect.....then they fried me for no raisin. / ", "People are making apocalypse jokes...like there's no tomorrow!! / ", "Women are meant to be loved, not understood.", "I deleted my facebook because I don't care that 758 of my friends have colds.", "Why was the pig in the kitchen? It was bacon.", "Don't accept shampoo, demand real poo. / ", "There are two fish in a tank. One turns to the other and says, \"Do you know how to drive this thing?\"", "What cheese is made backwards? Edam.", "If Americans throw rice at weddings, do Asians throw Hamburgers?", "What do skid marks on the toilet bowl and girlfriends have in common? They're both easy to piss off.", "How do you keep an elephant from charging? Take away his credit card.", "What does R. Kelly say when he's mad at his kid? Urine trouble. ", "Condoms come in three sizes. Small, medium, and liar.", "And the best neckwear award goes to......Oh wait !!! It's a tie. / ", "Yo mama is so fat, that when she stepped on a scale, it said \"to be continued\"", "What is a stalker's favorite part of a hospital? The I C U", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Panther. Panther who? Panther what you wear under your troutherth.", "What do you call it when a chameleon won't change colors? A reptile dysfunction", "A little known Star Wars fact is that Master Vader spent a lot of time alone playing with his saber. / ", "In a Catholic boarding school, how do you know when to go to bed? The big hand touches the little hand.", "The speed I drive my car is related to the type of music I'm listening to.", "Your mom sucks dick for gas money, then takes the bus. / ", "My ex? Yea I'd still hit that... with a bus.", "What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef jerky", "It's definitely possible to make a oneliner with a ';'. / ", "There\u2019s no i in team but there\u2019s a u in cunt / ", "What's a pedophile's favorite part of a hockey game? Before the first period.", "- What do you get when you cross a Mexican with an Oriental?  A car thief who can't drive", "I'm sorry to hear your uncle was run over by a boat in Venice.\u00a0My gondolences.", "I have a Russian friend who is a sound technician and a Czech one too. / ", "grandpa always said,\"Don't watch money; watch your health. So one day when I was watching my health, someone took my money.It was my grandpa", "I would never be a doctor. Id have to work on the weakened.", "How do you know if someone is hitchhiking, or just complimenting your driving? / ", "I bought a Prince CD today. Cost me \u00a320, but I partied like it was \u00a319:99.", "Someone ripped a bunch of pages out of both ends of my dictionary, so now it just goes from bad to worse. / ", "If people who eat vegetables are vegetarians and people who eat fish are pescatarians, then cannibals should really be called humanitarians. / ", "It is a little known fact that Anne Boleyn had a brother called Tenpin. / ", "Dyslexic rules KO", "Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? Fo' drizzle.", "I asked my wife to dress up as a nurse tonight to fulfill my fantasy that we have health insurance. / ", "\"Where do you want this big roll of\u00a0bubble\u00a0wrap?\" I asked my boss. \"Just pop it in the corner,\" he said. It took me three hours.", "Statistics show the average person has sex 89 times per year. Looks like I'm in for an incredible few days.", "Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic? He didn't believe in Dog.", "\"My career is in ruins!\" said the archaeologist.", "I just figured out why erectile dysfunction is a thing...it really wasn't that hard / ", "Super Bowl: The only show that makes me want to watch the commercials.", "A local movie theater was robbed of $600 worth of merchandise. The suspects stole 3 medium popcorns, 1 bag of skittles and 4 small diet cokes.", "A ghost walks into a bar and orders a shot of vodka. The bartender says \"Sorry, we don't serve spirits here.\"", "Why do orphans play tennis? Cause it's the only love they can get.", "What do you call a man who always wins? Victor!", "Behind every successful man, there's a surprised woman.", "I ate the CRAZIEST snack at the pub last night. It was nuts.", "Velcro. What a rip off! / ", "With the new starwars film due out, Haribo have released some new sweets. I dont like them, they're all chewy.", "My wife has a contract to give lectures. It's called a marriage license.", "Just bought a perfume made from Holy Water......Eau My God. / ", "The word \u201ccamouflage\u201d is just the word \u201cdisguise\u201d in disguise / ", "I'm super lazy. It's like lazy, but I wear a cape.", "I met somebody at work today called William Hill. What are the odds?", "I have a phobia of trampolines, I can't help it they always make me jump.", "I walked down a street where the houses were numbered 64K, 128K, 256K, 512K and 1MB. That was a trip down memory lane.", "What's brown and sticky? A Stick.", "I heard women love a man in uniform, so I got a job working at McDonalds.", "I never realised how many teenagers my mum slept with, until I started playing Call Of Duty. / ", "I hate it when Grandma calls me \"a peach\". I'm never sure if it's because of the fact that I can't grow a full beard or because she apparently thinks I have a heart of stone. / ", "My neighbour Mohammed has given up white water rafting. He's now a Muslim ex-streamist.", "Lobotomy is the solution for all mental illness....It's a no brainer. / ", "Honestly....My worst purchase for 2020, was a 2020 planner. / ", "Someone once randomly asked me too name two structures that hold water. Well damn / ", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Dishes. Dishes Who? Dishes just another bad knock knock joke.", "What gets longer when pulled, fits between breasts, Inserts neatly in a hole and works best when jerked? A seatbelt.", "I've just been on a positive thinking course. It was crap.", "I always look forward to watching a good game of football on Halloween. There is always the chance of plenty of Ghouls.", "There are 10 kinds of people in this world: those who understand binary and those who don't.", "I had a dream I was a muffler last night. Woke up exhausted.", "If it's got tits or wheels, sooner or later you're gonna have problems with it.", "I can jump higher than the average house. Because the average house can't jump.", "According to Kinect, I am the controller, so whenever I lose, I throw myself on the ground and stomp on myself.", "Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously move! You're in the way!", "For every dollar a man makes, a woman makes seventy cense. That's not fair cause the man is only left with .30.", "Did anyone wake green day up?", "I'm addicted to having money in the bank. I really do suffer from withdrawals.", "Neil Armstrong's dad once ejaculated so hard that it eventually landed on the moon. / ", "It's sad to think that some baseball players feel that NFL cheerleaders are out of their league / ", "A women was in love with fourteen soldiers, it platoonic.", "An architect does a lot of Build Up to show his art. / ", "I won 'BSer of the year' but no one believed me.", "Saw a bud's tweet saying \"spending The night with my girl\" I chuckled to myself because that movie SUCKED.", "Do Asian midgets take photos on their iPad Minis?", "How many jugglers does it take to change a light bulb? One, but it takes at least three light bulbs.", "#instagram : Made for people who don't want to beg for friends on Facebook.", "I think it is time I tell you what people are saying behind your back...! Nice Butt.", "How can you tell if a girl is ticklish? Give her a test-tickle.", "What do my son and wine have in common? They're both white, two years old, and in a box in my refrigerator.", "The invisible man married the invisible woman. Their kids were nothing to look at.", "I just bought some expensive venison. It's dead deer.", "Why didn't Sean Connery get his roof fixed? He said he \"couldn't find a shingle person to do it.\"", "Just bought a suit made from cactus.I look pretty sharp in it.", "To do:cancel fishing trip, practice putting toilet seat down, teach wife how to check browser history------in your dreams, ladies.", "In principle I'm against brain transplants, but after careful consideration I might change my mind. / ", "My mate keeps boasting that he owns a 3 foot pack of cards. Big deal.", "The future isn\u2019t what it used to be.", "Wanna know what really makes my blood boil? Crematoriums.", "In France, they applaud Meringue, but in Australia, they boo meringue. / ", "Michael J. Fox accidentally erases everything he draws on an Etch-a-Sketch.", "Was in the gym earlier and jumped on the treadmill.people were giving me weird looks so I started jogging instead.", "How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?", "Nostalgia is like grammar because we find the present tense and the past perfect. / ", "Why did Jesus drop out of the carpentry business? He got too attached to his work.", "What's red and white and flies at night? A sanitary owl.", "What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.", "I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous. / ", "Speeding has never killed anyone. suddenly becoming stationary, now THATS what gets you.", "I just hit 180 going down the M6 and people told me car darts was a bad idea..", "Tomorrow: A mystical land where 99% of all human productivity, motivation, and achievement is stored.", "Teacher: Name 6 wild animals? Student: Four elephants and two lions", "A person went to a coffee shop. The waiter asked, \"Do you want your coffee black?\" The person replied, \"What other colors do you have?\"", "I used to like my neighbours, until they put a password on their Wi-Fi.", "I was recently on safari in the Serengeti and witnessed two male male lions shagging. I thought \"blimey, have they got no pride?\"", "How did I escape Iraq? Iran", "What's the difference between your wages and your penis? You don't have to convince your wife to blow your wages.", "Just sold my homing pigeon on eBay again. / ", "What day do penguins hate most? Casual Fridays", "My grandad always used to say sticks and stones can break my bones but words could never hurt me ...until he fell into a printing press / ", "What is the similarity between Bill Gates & me? Don't know? \nHe never comes to my house & I never go to his house EGO PROBLEMS YOU KNOW.", "I\u2019m done being a people pleaser if everyone\u2019s ok with that. / ", "My sister asked me if I wanted to wind her new born baby? I thought that's a bit harsh so I just gave him a dead leg instead.", "What did one unemployed cancer cell say to the other? Lets get Jobs!", "People often say \u201cicy\u201d is the easiest word to spell and, looking at it now, I see why. / ", "Every machine is a smoke machine if you operate it wrong enough. / ", "What's E.T. Short for? He's only got little legs!", "What do you tell a woman with two black eyes? Nothing, you already told her twice!", "I asked 100 women \"What shampoo do you use whilst showering?\" 98% of them asked me to get out of the shower.", "A: Why are you crying? \nB: The elephant is dead. \nA: Was he your pet? \nB: No, but I'm the one who must dig his grave.", "Menstrual jokes are not funny. Period.", "I tried to be nice by holding the door open for a girl but apparently, chivalry doesn't apply to bathroom stalls / ", "Why couldn't the candle get any sleep? Because there's no rest for the wicked. ", "How fast does a Zebra have to run before it looks grey?", "Mexican friends? I have Juan or two.", "Somebody just threw a bottle of omega 3 capsules at me. I only have super fish oil injuries but I'm lucky I wasn't krilled!", "Astronomers got tired of watching the moon go round the earth for 24 hours. So they decided to call it a day.", "Why don't dentists display their awards? Because they want to prevent plaque build-up.", "My hot lesbian neighbours got me Rolex for my birthday. It's nice, but I think they misunderstood me when I said, \"I wanna watch\".", "I like my women like I like my coffee. Hot and all over my crotch.", "I was in Tesco the other day and couldn't work out which pasta I needed to buy. Then the penne dropped.", "Marriage is like a deck of cards. In the beginning all you need is 2 hearts and a diamond. By the end you wish you'd a club and a spade.", "Sometimes I feel like throwing my hands up in the air! But then I think, how would I catch them?", "Smoking will kill you and bacon will kill you, but, smoking bacon, will cure it. / ", "You can tell a lot by the way a woman walks. Like if she walks away, she's probably not into you.", "Did you hear about the Leper going for the masturbation world record? Eventually he pulled it off!", "\"Keep on Trying\" By Percy Veer", "I was named after my father, obviously, seeing as he was born before me. / ", "Down in Fraggle Rock / Some days,  I see people who look like they've escaped from Jim Henson's imagination!", "My wife is very big in fashion. She's a size 22.", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Cargo. Cargo who? No Car go vroom vroom.", "I like Deja vus because I know what to do next", "I bought a battery powered clock  today.When I got home, I noticed that they had given me the wrong one.I thought \"This is a wind up!\"", "I asked the cashier at the window of the service station for a Galaxy. She came back with a Milky Way.", "Why do only 9/10 dentists recommend Crest toothpaste? The last dentist is busy killing a lion.", "I thought that a loaf of bread was calling me names in the supermarket earlier, but on closer inspection it read \"thick cut\". / ", "Did you hear that Johnny's left side was chopped off? It turned out that he was \"alright!\"", "A cowboy walks into a German car showroom and says, \"Audi!\" / ", "A man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool, so I gave him a glass of water. / ", "I'm developing a new fragrance for introverts. It's called \"Leave Me The Fuh Cologne\". / ", "I have a pen that can write underwater as well as other words too. / ", "What do you call a row of rabbits that takes a step backwards? A receding hare-line.", "I used to play the triangle in a reggae band but left because it was just one ting after another.", "An ice cream seller was today found on the floor of his van covered in hundreds and thousands. Police said he topped himself.", "How often is it appropriate to make chemistry jokes? I say periodically.", "Kim Jong Un uses body doubles, they're named Kim Jong Deux and Kim Jong Trois. / ", "Give a man a fire, and he is warm for the rest of the day. Set a man on fire, and he is warm for the rest of his life.", "The technology of this weed-whacker is cutting hedge!", "ONN: Handmade Anti-Obama Sign Currently Frontrunner for Republican Presidential Nomination. \"NoBama!\"", "Bought a suit made from a cactus, looked pretty sharp in it.", "What's the definition of a will? Come on, guys. The answer's a dead giveaway. ", "I think it's unfair that I have to manage my anger, just because some people can't manage their stupidity. / ", "How do Ethiopians celebrate their kids first birthday? By putting flowers on their grave.", "Why does Waldo wear stripes? Because he doesn't want to be spotted", "Turning on your lights and sirens after losing a drag race is just poor sportsmanship. / ", "Someone just stole my limbo pole / How low can you get?", "When I feel like life is going too fast, I go to the DMV.", "The worst pub I've ever been to was called The Fiddle. It really was a vile inn.", "Statistically bearded men are more likely to cheat on their partners than bearded women. / ", "As I sat watching my dad draw his final breath I realised..We make a crap pictionary team.", "I have sex daily. I mean dsylexia / ", "I've just donated $100 to a LGBT group. I hope it helps them find a cure. / ", "Girls, if a guy pauses a video game to text you back, marry him.", "Mike Tyson is such a religious guy, he punches people in the faith. / ", "If you're having a bad day, just remember that someone has to clean the bathroom at Taco Bell.", "The inventor of the world's first organic coffins made entirely out of vegetables has died. May he rest in peas.", "If I ate myself would I be twice as big or disappear completely?", "I was sat in traffic the other day. Got hit by a car.", "Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? Because he might get a hole in one. ", "(Walks up to a girl with no ass) Did someone appreciate your ass? It seems flattered. / ", "Me and my limbo team go way back.", "I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She said, \"Sex! Sex! Sex! Free Sex tonight!\" I said, \"Wow!\" Her friend said, \"She means 666-3629.\"", "When your girlfriend comes home in a white suit, smelling of honey and covered in bee stings, you know she's a keeper. / ", "I like to get around town in a giant hamster ball. It's just how I roll.", "If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving is not for you.", "My mate fucking hates his surname, Potato. Although not as much as his wife, Jackie does.", "What does a redneck and yeast have in common? They are both in-bread. ", "My boyfriend and I are made for eachother: he thinks I'm cute when I don't have my glasses on, and I think he's cute when I don't have my glasses on. / ", "My grandfather died recently, He spent his final years as a regular user of facebook..We won't see the likes of him again.", "I have ten arms, eight legs and 22 feet. what am I? A liar.", "How do crazy people go through the woods? They take the psychopath.", "Mules do everything half-ass. / ", "When I get home late from the pub.I'm going to give my wife a right good listening to.", "Kleptomaniac evangelicalists take the Bible literally. / ", "Our local cinema is showing a special version of the latest James Bond film, just for dyslexics. Respect.", "What do you call a large bloke with four faces and eight hands? Big Ben.", "How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two. (Hint:  They are small enough to fit inside).", "Friends come and go, but enemies tend to accumulate.", "I won $3million in last night's lottery. I am going to donate a quarter of it to charity. Now I have $2,999,999.75 / ", "The wife said she wanted to go and see Jeremy Kyle Live for her birthday. So I got her sister pregnant! We're on next Wednesday!", "How many people who are terrible at telling jokes, does it take to change a light bulb? To get to the other side.", "Why don't Mexicans cross the border in groups of three? Because it says \"No Trespassing\".", "A blonde read a news headline, \"12 Brazilian soldiers killed\" She shook her head and asked her friend, \"How many is a Brazilian?\"", "My new years resolution is to stop using spray on deodorant! Roll on 2016.", "I told her I had lightning quick reflexes. Sounds better than premature ejaculator.", "Local news: 'Amputee robber evaded police for 15 days'. That's amazing, considering he wasn't armed.", "Virginity is like a bubble, one prick and it's gone.", "I'm officially done with 2020. Going forward I will be writing 2021 on all my checks. / ", "What did the French man say when he tripped down the stairs? \"Eiffel.\"", "I just love the smell of Grandma's cooking. So I set fire to an old peoples home.", "I was terrible at spelling when I was at school. Brilliant at jografy though.", "Once a genie asked me if I would rather have a long penis or a good memory; I forgot what I had chosen. / ", "A psychiatrist told me that I have a split personality disorder and charged me $300. I paid her $150 and told her to get the rest from that other idiot. / ", "The worst pub I've been to was called \"The Fiddle\".................... That was a vile inn. / ", "I was addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around. / ", "A perfectionist walked into a bar... it seems the bar wasn't set high enough. / ", "I've been telling everyone about the benefits of eating dried grapes -- it's all about raisin awareness. / ", "There's reports coming in about an unexplained explosion that's caused a 75ft deep hole in Trafalgar Square! Police are looking into it.", "The first time I bought a universal remote control, i thought to myself, \"Now this changes everything!\" / ", "Sung to The Colors of the Wind: \"You think I think you think you own whatever land you land on, Landon.\" / You'll learn new things you never knew you knew you never knew were new to you!", "What kind of weed do reptiles smoke? Mariguana.", "Stevie Wonder got a cheese grater for his birthday and he said it was the scariest book he'd ever read. / ", "Girl are you sitting on an F5 key? Cause that ass is refreshing.", "I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when it\u2019s raining in Sweden but how the fuck am I supposed to know when it is raining in Sweden? / ", "My wife keeps complaining about my premature ejaculation, she took it on the chin at first but now it just gets on her tits.", "If I ever find out the name of the surgeon that screwed up my limb transplant, I'll kill him with my bear hands! / ", "What's big, gray, and unimportant? An irrelephant.", "On which side do chickens have the most feathers? The outside.", "What did the vampire say to the teacher? See you next period!", "This sub is disappointing me lately, so I'm going to try the meatball next time. / ", "Came home to find all my doors had been smashed in and everything was gone. What sort of sick person does that to someone's advent calendar?", "All men make mistakes. Married men just find out about them quicker.", "Giving up smoking is easy...I've done it hundreds of times.", "What did the bad soccer announcer get for Christmas? COOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "What's the rudest type of Elf? The GofuckyoursELF", "What do you call it when a DJ gets a blowjob while he's on the air? Radiohead", "a virgin pedophile saving himself for the right kid / ", "\"Doctor! Doctor! I snore so loudly, I wake myself up at night.\"\n\"Have you tried sleeping in another room?\"", "Friends are like boobs, you have big ones, small ones, real ones and fake ones. / ", "My game dog sucks at chess.", "I got an email today from a '32 year old bored housewife, looking for some action'. I've sent her my ironing, that'll keep her busy!", "The cigar that's more famous than the man who smoked it / ", "My New Year's resolution is to make commitments I can't keep. I am well on my way.", "I accidentally bit the inside of my cheek and now it hurts like crazy everytime I sit down. / ", "What building isn't trustworthy? The lie-brary.", "Its not my fault I have a double-chin. When God was giving out chins, I thought he said Gin. So I said I'll have a double.", "I lost my tree the other day so I nailed a lost poster to a cat / ", "Why did the chicken cross the road, he thought that he was playing animal crossing / ", "What are two things you can never have for Breakfast? Lunch and Dinner.", "Bart Simpson writes what he most believes preceded by NOT on a chalkboard / ", "Why don't baseball players get much action? Because they have foul balls.", "I wonder if my vet's receptionist realizes how many people's passwords she knows? / ", "To celebrate the last Harry Potter movie, I am going to cut a scar in my forehead.", "What's small, brown, hairy and wears sunglasses?A coconut in disguise.", "My scouse mate has just got his kids a trampoline and a few bikes for Xmas. I asked him which website he saw them on. He replied Google Earth", "A picture is worth a thousand words in English, but only one in Welsh. / ", "An Uncle died, left several hundred clocks to a niece, she's busy winding up the estate.", "Do gun manuals have a trouble shooting section? / ", "My four year old grandson has been learning Spanish all year but still can\u2019t say please, which I think is poor for four / ", "My 9-year-old sister just got a bank account. That just mean wr are out of the recession..right?", "Somebody drilled a hole in the fence around the nudist colony. Police are looking into it.", "If you want my opinion you'll have to ask my wife for it.", "I'd rather  have a dry sense of humor than slobber everywhere .", "My new job as a taxidermist is pretty boring.. All I do is sit around and stuff.", "Alarm Clocks....because every morning should start with a heart attack. / ", "My dog went to the flea circusand stole the show.", "Why don't cannibals eat divorced women? They're bitter.", "I have a pet peeve about hearing other's pet peeves.", "What did the girl with no arms get for Christmas? Gloves. Only joking, she hasnt opened her presents yet", "Butterflies just aren't what they used to be.", "A man walks into a bar with a roll of tarmac under his arm and says \"Pint please, and one for the road\"", "Circular definition: see definition, circular.", "Best pickup line ever:\nDoes this rag smell like chloroform to you?", "What do you call bears with no ears? B", "It just doesn't seem right to write your autobiography before your dead.", "I wonder if calendar business will go bankrupt in 2012.", "What do you get when you cross a genius with a hooker? A fucking know it all!", "I invented a new word today: plagiarism. / ", "I watched my first porno last night. I looked so much younger then. / ", "Why did the Mexican throw his wife off of the roof? Tequila.", "Did you hear about the old chameleon that couldn't change color? He had a reptile dysfunction. ", "Gender fluid sounds like the wet spot on the mattress... / ", "Just been to visit my mates new baby, they asked me if I wanted to wind him. I thought that was a bit harsh, so I just gave him a dead leg.", "I can't believe how dangerous the world is. Just yesterday, I went into a McDonalds toilets and mugged someone.", "I think McDonald's only truthful menu item is the No. 2", "Your tongue weighs practically nothing. So why can't you hold it?", "I go to all these step-by-step programs and I still don't know how to dance.", "As its Valentines Day, the missus has said she'll go on top tonight for a change. I love our bunk beds!", "My dog only responds to commands in Spanish. He's Espanyol.", "Whoever said money can't buy happiness simply didn't know where to go shopping.", "Getting rear ended in the middle of the freeway is the wildest thing a gay man can do. / ", "Two monkeys are getting into a bath. One goes: \"ooh ohh ah ah ah ah\" The other says: \"We'll put some cold in then\".", "Wife looks in mirror& says: \"I look horrible, fat& ugly. Please say something nice about me.\" Husband: \"Your eyesight is perfect...\"", "Does the unknown, but I'm not sure, I've never heard it before.", "Here is my list of the top zero things of all time: / ", "Back in my day, we had NINE planets.", "English puns make me feel numb, but math puns make me feel number. / ", "Whats pink and wrinkly, and hangs out your pants? Your Mum.", "Whoever discovered the eel must of been shocked / ", "I say no to Alcohol, it just doesn\u2019t listen. / ", "God was fired from his preaching job at our church after not showing up for thousands of years / ", "Whoever put the letter 'b' in the word 'subtle' deserves a pat on the back.", "Why didn't the feminist get a job at the post office? Because she refused to work in a mail dominated industry.", "\"I feel depressed, lol\"", "My mum laughed at me when I said I was going to make a car out of spaghetti. She soon shut up when I drove pasta.", "What do you get when you run over a goose? Goose bumps.", "For all the advances in medicine, there is still no cure for the common birthday. #idontwanttobeold", "Infertility runs in the family / ", "Guy 1: look what I found? A needle in a haystack.\nGuy 2: I can beat that, I found a job.\nGuy 1: oooh, you win.", "Where there's a will, I want to be in it.", "How does a politician sleep? First he lies on one side then he lies on the other.", "I know you're proud but when I said send nudes I didn't mean the xray of your fetus / ", "I'm on a whisky diet. Last week I lost three days!", "If you wait for a waiter in a restaurant, arent you a waiter ? / ", "Knowing how to communicate in sign language would be quite handy. / ", "I have an irrational fear of giants called \"Feefiphobia.\" / ", "I took a poll recently and 100% of people were annoyed that their tent had fallen down.", "My wife's leaving me because \"Everything I say is irrelevant\". Easy for her to say when her mum's sister has just bought a new coffee table.", "Statistically 6 out of 7 dwarfs aren't happy.", "Optimists think the glass is half full. Pessimists think the glass is half empty. Realists know that someone will have to wash the glass.", "I suffer from kleptomania, but when it gets bad I take something for it. / ", "My wife accused me of having OCD. I soon put her in her place.", "Making another Facebook account with the name ' Nobody Actually ' to mess with people's heads when I like their statuses.", "My girlfriend hates when I make jokes about her weight. She needs to lighten up.", "I thought about doing some yoga, but then thought, \"That's a bit of a stretch.\" / ", "Why do men die before their wives? They want to.", "Changed my computer password to \"silence\". Apparently the wife doesn't know that word.", "A nurse finds a rectal thermometer in her pocket and thinks,\"some asshole has my pen\" / ", "What do you get hanging from apple trees? Sore arms.", "When I won the world\u2019s best doppelg\u00e4nger competition I was beside myself / ", "I'm about to have a cup of dangerous coffee. Safe tea first though.", "Thought my drier was shrinking my clothes!! Turns out, it was my refrigerator. / ", "The way to fight a woman is with your hat. Grab it and run.", "A man complimented me on my driving today, there was a note on my windshield that said \"parking fine\"", "I received an email asking me to send trouser zips to the address provided.But I ignored it, sounds like they're fly phishing to me.", "Odd? I'm completely whacked.", "You so ugly even a basilisk couldn't look you in the eye.", "How do you fix a broken jack-o-lantern? With a pumpkin patch ", "They shouldn't call it \"office politics\", if you can't really vote out the bosses.", "\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a isn't the worst punchline I've seen / ", "I'm going to start feeding my dog condoms, so when they poop, they're already in little bags. / ", "What's the difference between an Irish wedding and Irish funeral? One less drunk.", "I've always had a difficult relationship with my parents. When I was first born I didn't speak to them for 2 years.", "How do u find Will Smith in the snow? Look for the fresh prints.", "There are more planes in the ocean than there are submarines in the sky. / ", "Me and my mate were fighting over which was the best vowel. I won!", "The rotation of Earth always makes my day.", "Why do girls always get mad when I try to read their shirts? It's not my fault I'm blind.", "I can\u2019t stand being in a wheelchair. / ", "During my prostate exam I asked the doctor, \"where should I put my pants\"? \"Over there by mine\", was not the answer I was expecting.", "Textpectation: Anticipation of receiving a new text.", "My honeycombbb has 200% more bees. / ", "My best mate told me to treat his house as if it were my own. So I sold it.", "I was wondering what my parents did without the internet. None of my 13 siblings could tell me", "I have a photographic memory, it's just out of film.", "Don't you hate it when people answer their own questions? I do.", "What do you call a dead Mexican? Dearly deported.", "Amanda thought it'd be unsafe for me to walk home in my bikini, but I made it back all in one piece. / ", "Not only am I redundant and superfluous, but I also tend to use more words than necessary.", "I shot my first turkey today... Scared everyone else in the frozen food section in the process. / ", "Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder...", "Three rights walked into a bar / They left", "Some of my friends have been making very hurtful remarks about my choosing to wear mittens rather than gloves, but I don't like to point fingers. / ", "Jokes about menstrual cycles aren\u2019t funny... period. / ", "The missus accused me of being far too competitive! I said 'I'm not!, and i'll be the first to admit that'.", "If anyone needs copies of osteopath monthly, I have back issues. / ", "I read in the paper that you can support a child in Africa for just \u00a320 a year. So I sent my kids there.", "I bought some serving spoons, but they haven't made me any better at tennis. / ", "Who's that motherfucker who said we need a Chernobyl season 2? / ", "If Bin laden had a $25 million price tag on his head, I can't help but wonder what kind of turban he was wearing.", "I like lions manely because of their hair.", "The term \"skinny-fat\" refers to people like me who are basically skinny but too lazy-motivated to stay in shape. / ", "I do impressions like nobody you know. / ", "Why did Nivea Creme? Because Max Factor.", "People who don't know the difference between \"burro\" and \"burrow\" don't know their ass from a hole in the ground. / ", "The only idea that flat earthers fear.... is sphere itself. / ", "An acorn is just a tree in a nutshell. / ", "A contestant just accused me of being an unfair gameshow host. Point taken!", "\"Swing States\" aren't as much fun as they sound. / ", "I went to the park to play Frisbee with my son, but he's not very aerodynamic / ", "Whoever invented knock knock jokes should win a no bell prize.", "Mathematics teachers call retirement 'the aftermath.'", "I've decided to dress up as different types of bread everyday next week.... Roll on Monday. / ", "Imagine surviving all this unprotected sex, only to die of unprotected handshake. / ", "I called my dad from the shop saying I'd forgotten what orange juice he asked for. \"Concentrate\" he said, but I still couldn't remember!", "Wanna be realy stoned?  Drink wet cement.", "If firefighters fight fires, what do freedom fighters fight? / ", "An E-Flat, a G-Flat and a B-Flat walk into a bar. The barman says \"sorry but we don't serve minors\".", "Cows have hooves instead of feet because they lactose. / ", "I live everyday trying not to disappoint those three people who wrote \"Stay Cool\" in my yearbook.", "Boss: \"How good are you at PowerPoint?\" Me: \"I Excel at it.\" Boss: \"Was that Microsoft Office pun?\" Me: \"Word.\"", "Do gay people say, \"That's so straight?\"", "What's grey and comes by the gallon? Elephants.", "There are actually 8 dwarves in Snow White, but Kinky was left out of the film because he was a bit tied up during recording / ", "Balloon boy imma let you finish but Anne frank had the best attic hideout of all time.", "I say 'Pika' every time before I sneeze.", "Tanorexia: A disease like anorexia, no matter how tan a person is they never think they are tan enough.", "lThose of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do.", "50% of Japanese doctors have Cataracts. The other 50% drive Rincolns.", "My girlfriends dad asked me what I do, apparently your daughter wasn\u2019t the right answer / ", "Men don't care whats on tv. They care what else is on tv.", "How did the cheese paint his wife? He double Gloucester.", "What do you say if a shooting range catches on fire?", "Yo mama is so ugly when she joined an ugly contest, they said \"Sorry, no professionals.\"", "I've trained my dog to bring me a glass of red wine. It's a Bordeaux collie.", "I asked 101 people what they thought about avoiding round numbers. / ", "I am good at everything except modesty / ", "My girlfriend cried the day I proposed to her on an escalator. It was moving.", "8arcelona. / Nothing more to say.", "If a burger is served on a plane, can it still be considered ground beef? / ", "Why didn't Noah just swat those two mosquitoes?", "Wanted to be a farmer at one time, but it turned out to be the wrong field for me.", "Why did the introduction and the conclusion break up? Because they were never on the same page", "I\u2019m not gonna lie, I\u2019m pretty good at telling the truth. / ", "What's a vampires favourite fruit? A nectarine.", "If Watson isn't the most famous doctor, then Who is ? / ", "Asian parents: *Your report card comes home* YOU GOT C?! WHY YOU GET C?! YOU NO C-SIAN, YOU NO B-SIAN, YOU A-SIAN!", "Went to an Indian restaurant last night and had a pelican curry. Food was ok, but the bill was enormous!", "To Err is Human, to Arrr is Pirate!", "My wife has left me, she says I love football more than I love her. I'm gutted, we've been together ten seasons!", "My boyfriend has just got a job as a light switch engineer. Its really turned me on.", "Did you hear the one about the streaker who ran naked through a church? The priest caught him by the organ.", "For my next trick, I will eat a musical instrument in a bread bap. Drum roll please.", "Breaking News! Ne ws", "62\t\nHospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were.\n19522523571", "I think I don't have a brain / ", "All women agree that size matters, but still refuse to lose weight. / ", "I saw a guy crushing a can of body spray like he had an Axe to grind. / ", "The inventor of autocorrect went from zero to hero in a matter of seconds.", "Where do fish keep their money? In a riverbank.", "Have you ever seen the inside of an ac compressor? It's really cool. ", "California is a fine place to live - if you happen to be an orange.", "I've just stolen loads of swimming inflatables. I'd better lilo.", "Just saw two homeless men hitting each other with cardboard. Pillow fight.", "I tried to remarry my ex-wife but She figured out I was only after my money. / ", "I always wanted to be a Gregorian Monk but I never got the chants. / ", "There's a fine line between holding hands and keeping her from shopping.", "I used to be very indecisive!! But now I'm not so sure.", "I'm attracted to little people. Now do you see why that's a bad name for midgets? / ", "What did 50 cent say to his grandma when she gave him a scarf for Christmas? Gee, you knit?", "Nothing in my life ever works out, so why should I ? / ", "Time is the best teacher; Unfortunately it kills all its students.", "Before my surgery, my anesthetist offered to knock me out with gas or a boat paddle. It was an ether/oar situation. / ", "D.A.M.N. - Naked Mothers Against Dyslexia", "Why were the Aggies pushing their house down the street? They were trying to jump-start the furnace.", "The only thing longer than my honey-do list is my honey-don't list.", "Not bragging but guess who got a record deal today?..3 cds for \u00a31.. Bargain!", "I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman where the Self Help section was. She said if she told me it would defeat the purpose.", "I went to the supermarket and said: \"I'd like to make a complaint,this vinegar's got lumps in it\". He replied: \"Those are pickled onions.\"", "What's ET short for? Cos he's only got little legs.", "What's pink and invisible? This grapefruit.", "I hate peer pressure and you should too / ", "What do you call a man who used to be an artist? Drew", "What do you call two chess enthusiasts bragging in a lobby? Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.", "Guess who I bumped into in the opticians today? Everybody.", "My girlfriend is getting pretty angry that I never put the toilet seat down! To be fair I am getting tired of carrying it around!", "A blind guy was on Wheel of Fortune. He asked if he can buy an I.", "Who's the coolest guy at the hospital? The ultrasound guy.", "The moon annoys the sun everyday just to get a rise out of it. / ", "Was on Yahoo! Answers and saw a question. \n\"How big is the specific ocean?\"\nI replied, \" Can you be more pacific? \"", "At least the garbage disposal eats what I cook.", "Why can't atheists solve exponential problems? Because they don't believe in higher powers.", "Doesn't matter if your cup is half full or half empty, point is: You need to buy a different size bra.", "Financially I'm set for life. As long as I die next Thursday.", "What do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer? \n\nAsh", "2020 days of the week... Mopeday Snoozeday Whatday? Blursday Frieday Sataday and Someday. / ", "Do you think last night was the world record for intercourse?", "I can\u2019t stand, being in a wheelchair / i/iola_k was the first time i saw this posted, figured the comma makes it better to get", "If you think your boss is stupid, remember: you wouldn't have a job if he was any smarter.", "What do gay horses eat? Heyyyyyyyyyyy!", "My wife ran off with my best friend last week. I'm going to miss him.", "I love lip service, but not enough to reward it / ", "Why doesn't Smokey the bear have any kids? Every time his wife gets hot, he smacks her with a shovel.", "After hours of thinking I've finally decided on my new years resolution: 1920 x 1080", "My wife says she's leaving me because of my addiction to antidepressants. Won't be needing them anymore then.", "The worst thing about having more money than sense is probably the fact I don't have very much money.", "What do you call a singing laptop? A Dell", "Today I accidentally sent a naked pic of myself to my entire address book. Cost me a fortune in stamps.", "I just finished my degree in ballet. I got a 2:2.", "I used to be into S&M, bestiality, and necrophilia - until I realized I was just beating a dead horse. / ", "My local theatre is showing a play called 'The Dictionary'. It's a play on words.", "I now know God exists because Trump has COVID. / ", "Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle? Because his wife is dead.", "I'm so bad at relationships even my bag for life left me.", "Fishes miss a lot of calls. They always seem to be stuck on a line.", "I think Emos just like the way their hair smells.", "What do you get when you cross a stream and a brook? Wet feet.", "Men think about sex every sex words. I mean six words.", "People who use hearing protection are being ear-responsible. / ", "I recently lost my job as a teacher. I got caught shagging the ugliest teacher in the whole school. Gross Miss Conduct", "What kind of car does Jesus drive? A Christler", "I saw a midget prisoner climbing down a wall. As he turned and sneered at me, I thought: 'that's a little condescending'.", "I was gonna do nothing today, but then I realized I hadn't finished doing it yesterday.", "There was an earthquake near the Galaxy chocolate factory this morning. It sent ripples through the whole building.", "I just stole a guys wallet and he chased me for almost three miles. I gave him a good run for his money.", "I was reading 'The History of Glue' last night--I couldn't put it down.", "I met the girl of my dreams, then I woke up.", "Stop calling yourself hot. The only thing you turn on is a microwave.", "Sure, I'd love to cook. How milky do you like your Cheerios? / ", "The only reason why I'm hot is because I got fired.", "I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.", "I was gonna send my awful 'Fish in Herb Sauce' back to the chef. But I'm not sure sure if it's the thyme or the plaice.", "What kind of soup weighs 2000 lbs? Won ton soup.", "What do you call a rich Chinese person? Cha Ching", "Uncircumcised men are complete dicks. / ", "My mother in law fell down a wishing well. I was amazed, I never knew they worked.", "In America police dogs are K9, In China they are E10. / ", "Congreenient: The practice of recycling, or being green, only when convenient. A person who only recycles when it is convenient to do so.", "What have George Michael and wellies got in common? They both get sucked off in bogs.", "Drug addicts are lack-dose intolerant. / ", "Yo Mama is so dumb, she got locked in a grocery store and starved to death.", "Trump is so poor he can't even own the libs. / ", "Who said nothing is impossible, i have been here doing nothing for the last hour.", "The last piece of that Butterfinger I ate in '07 finally came out of my teeth.", "Our old sofa felt terrible yesterday. But now it's fully recovered", "Did you know that the people of Dubai don't like the Flintones? But Abu Dhabi do.", "Why do bulimics like KFC? It comes with a free bucket.", "What do you say if you're talking to God... and he sneezes?", "I have decided to write all my jokes in capitals from now on....This was written in Paris. / ", "Hopped on the bus this morning, people were looking at me funny, so I decided to get in and sit down.", "My wife wanted to be taken out somewhere expensive, so I took her to a petrol station.", "I'm making a fruit salad and the recipe says Pineapples - Five cubed. Where on Earth am I going to get 125 pineapples?", "What do you call immigrants to Sweden? Artificial Swedeners", "I went to a premature ejaculators support group... Turns out it's tomorrow. / ", "Knock knock  Who's there?  Britney Spears  Britney Spears who?  Knock knock  ... Who's there?  Oops I did it again.", "If you are going to send someone to save the world, make sure they like it the way it is.", "\"I'm sorry\" and \"I apologize\" usually mean the same thing, except at a funeral. / ", "I love diversity. Whitewashing pales in comparison. / ", "When my mom told me that I was grounded, I was shocked! / ", "Fat is just another word for flavor.", "My name is David and I had my ID stolen the other day. Now they just call me Dav.", "7 wheelchair athletes have been banned from the next Olympics after they tested positive for WD 40. / ", "I can cut a piece of wood in half just by looking at it. It's true, I saw it with my own eyes.", "When I was younger I felt like a man trapped in a woman's body. Then I was born. / ", "If anyone lost a roll of hundred dollar bills, with a rubber band around it...... I found the rubber band.", "My girlfriend hates it when I make jokes about her weight.. she needs to lighten up. / ", "My son thinks he\u2019s so smart now that he\u2019s learned how to recite pi, and now I\u2019ll never hear the end of it. / ", "The most convenient time to add insult to injury is when you\u2019re signing someone\u2019s cast. / ", "With the rise of self-driving vehicles, it\u2019s only a matter of time before we get a country song where a guy\u2019s truck leaves him too. / ", "Entropy isn't what it used to be.", "Tequila won't fix your life but it's worth a shot. / ", "My parents are omnipotent. In other words, they are all-no-ing.", "So you're here for crap jokes? Well check this one out! one.", "Dating bridge builders will lead to truss issues.", "I'm great at multitasking. I can waste time, be unproductive and procrastinate all at once.", "My girlfriend thinks that I'm a stalker... well, she's not exactly my girlfriend yet. / ", "It's \"Jamaican hairstyle day\" at work tomorrow. I'm dreading it.", "Never take life to seriously... your not getting out of it alive", "If a Norwegian robot analyzes a bird, it Scandinavian. / ", "We will continue having meetings, everyday, until I find out why no work is getting done.", "There\u2019s a sink hole near me that\u2019s so deep that if you fell in you would be falling for the rest of your life. 12s / ", "I saw a judge enter the food court and I didn't know I should stand up or not / ", "I tried to teach my dog how to fetch. He just doesn't get it.", "What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe? Canoes tip!", "This day is pregnant with possibilities, but I just found out they're not mine.", "What do you call a man in a slow-cooker? Stu.", "My wife's parking is unparallelled.", "What does a guy with two right feet wear to the beach? Flop-flops. ", "The people at the Playtex tampon company are always stuck up cunts. / ", "I had to shut down my lesbian poultry dating agency. I was struggling to make hens meet.", "Communism is like prohibition, it's a good idea but it won't work.", "Astray / One punani a day saves a man gone astray", "My parents used to beat me with a phone. I was always on the receiving end.", "Is there such thing as a free gift? Aren't all gifts free?", "What do you call a Mexican who's car got stolen? Carlos", "Why is Def Leppard the best band to listen to while driving? Because you only need one arm to drum along", "You're everything I never wanted.", "I was going to do a joke about construction.. but I'm still working on it.", "R2D2 holds the record for most bleeped out swear words in a movie ever / ", "Going to see Peter Pan again tonight. Never gets old.", "I heard that Apple was planning on an iPad Mini.. I thought they already had one? The iPhone.", "Whats green and smells of pork? Kermits finger.", "Am returning your nose Dear, I found it in my business. / ", "Geno Smith went to throw a punch back, but it was short a few yards.", "I walked down a street and the houses were numbered 64K, 128K, 256K, 512K and 1MB.It was a trip down memory lane.", "I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who's mad at me for saying that.", "If you had wings, would you be a special at KFC? / ", "CAUTION: Reading the entire medication warning may cause drowsi....", "What have David Beckham and Ferrero Rocher got in common? They both come in a posh box.", "Congratulations to Tu Youyou on winning the Nobel Prize in Medicine and for being the most confusing person to sing Happy Birthday to.", "The closest I've come to murder is holding Oreos under the milk until the bubbles stop. / ", "I thought I spotted a leopard once, but it turns out they\u2019re born like that. / ", "Frozen sculptures are okay..Icy pose.", "America is going to suffer if Donald Trump becomes president. You could say they are going toup\u00e9e for it.", "I've just phoned and reserved a table to take the Mrs out on valentines night! She will be raging, she hates snooker!", "Why did the sailor ground his son? His grades were below C level", "A lot of people worry about being buried alive, but that's really a miner problem. / ", "The common misconception that polar bears live in Antarctica is crazy, that place is unbearable.", "What do cannibals like to drink in the morning? Bloody Mary", "What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college? Bison.", "Wife gets naked and asks hubby 'What turns you on more, my pretty face or my sexy body?' Hubby looks at her and replies'Your sense of humour!'", "Study: The act of watching TV, texting and eating with an open textbook nearby.", "My girlfriend once asked me what turned me on: her sexy body or pretty face, I replied' your sense of humor'", "Don't steal, the government doesn't want any competition.", "I thought I wanted a career, turns out, I just wanted a paycheck.", "I have kleptomania, but it's okay. I'm taking something for it.", "Did you know that trampolines used to actually be called jumpolines? That is, until 1982 when your mom got on one. ", "What did the Jewish pedophile say? \"Would you like to buy some candy\"", "My friend had amnesia and couldn't remember how to walk up the stairs, So I had to go back and teach him step by step.", "I've just spent a \u00a31000 on hiring a limousine,then found out it doesn't come with a driver, I can't believe I spent all that money and have nothing to chauffeur it. / ", "I was gonna do a joke about unemployment.. but it needs some work.", "\"Last night, I was sitting so long that I had to do some stretches before I used the bathroom.\" -Corinna M", "\"Dad I don't want a puppy!\" \"Young Man, you'll eat what you're given in this house.\"", "Respect your parents. They did school without google or Wikipedia.", "paused Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory to go buy a Snickers. This is why I can't watch breaking bad.", "More money is not more happiness. Cause I was just as happy at 40 million as I am now with 42 million", "After you die, are you still a Human Being or Human Been ? / ", "Naps prevent old age, especially when you take them while driving.", "What do a vaccuum cleaner and an Iraqi Tank have in common? They both suck.", "What do little birdies see when they get knocked unconscious?", "I dont see the issue over whether prisoners get the right to\nVote or not. Criminals get elected anyway.", "What invisible and smells like carrots? Rabbit farts", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Woo. Woo who? Don't get so excited, it's just a joke.", "A group of kids is called a migraine / ", "\u201cGrab \u2018em by the... you know...the thing.\u201d - Joe Biden plagiarizing Donald Trump / ", "\u201cIt\u2019s sad that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs.\u201d / ", "Finally got out of bed, to go and lay on the couch. / ", "You mention Botox these days and no even raises an eyebrow. / ", "I like unfinishe / ", "Of all my great qualities, I think humbleness is my greatest / ", "To be or not to be a horse rider. That is equestrian. / ", "I was arguing with my girlfriend in Nandos when my best mate ran off with the garlic bread and coleslaw! I wish he would stop taking sides.", "Masturbation is a touchy subject, but oral sex is a matter of taste. / ", "I was just reading through that book \"50 Things to do Before You Die\" and I was really surprised that none of them was \"Shout for help!\" ... / ", "Asked Siri. \"Surely it's not going to rain today?\" She said, \"it is, and dont call me Shirley\". Forgot to take my phone off Airplane mode.", "The tongue weighs practically nothing, but only a few people can hold it.", "I have a gay friend who works in construction. He works in a manhole.", "Occupy Lungs - corona does / ", "How much room is needed to grow funghi? As Muchroom as possible.", "I have a joke about unemployment, but it needs some work.", "A girl I met last night told me her pussy tasted like a rainbow....found out she meant a trout, not Skittles. / ", "Fundraiser idea: Play 'Baby' by Justin Bieber constantly, and have people pay to make it stop.", "I have some jokes about unemployment but they need some work.", "Went out with a girl last night, who wouldn't swallow................fucking soup everywhere / \n\n..", "I must have a nice butt, because every time I turn around, I hear people whisper \"What an ass.\" / ", "Irony: The Bible is the best-selling book in the world, with more than 50 copies a minute, but also the most shoplifted book.", "Why is Bon Jovi's bed always messy? Because he doesn't think it matters if you make it or not.", "What's the difference between Princess Diana and Tiger Woods? Tiger Woods has a better driver.", "Dentists are going on strike: brace yourselves.", "The Dentist says, \"When was the last time you flossed?\" The Patient replies, \"You should know, you were there!\"", "I gave all my dead batteries away today... Free of charge.", "My friend asked me to stop singing oasis songs in public. I said maybe.", "I'm struggling to write a porn movie. There's just too many holes in the plot.", "\"How many people does it take to change a light bulb?\" is just one of the questions I should have asked before buying a lighthouse. / ", "What do you get when you cross a kangaroo with a mink. A fur coat with pockets.", "Did you know humans are born with four kidneys? Two of them grow into adult knees.", "IF ELON MUSK MARRIES MUSK MELON, HE WILL BECOME MUSK MUSK / \ud83e\uddd0", "What do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench? The NBA", "What's the difference between being hungry and being horny? Where you put the cucumber.", "Did you hear about the astronaut who stepped on some chewing gum? He got stuck in Orbit.", "My cat is recovering from a massive stroke.", "My doctor told me that I needed to watch my drinking. So now I drink in front of a mirror.", "What happened when customers complained about the bright lights in the Chinese restaurant? The manager decided to dim sum.", "The statement below is true. The statement above is false.", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Old lady. Old lady who? Wow I didn't know you could yodel.", "What do you guys think of message boards? I'm all forum. ", "Mentos should print little messages on their mints like \"You're awesome\" and \"Looking good\" and call them Complimentos. / ", "Why did the chicken kill itself? To get to the other side.", "If you watch Jeopardy backwards it becomes a show where people pay money to ask questions.", "If every letter \"t\" was silent, we'd never hear the end of it. / ", "Where do atheists donate their money? Non Prophet Organizations", "Grade Digger: the chick who only talks to me for help with her classes.", "I haven\u2019t owned a watch for I don\u2019t know how long. / ", " My wife used to be a regular customer at McDonalds.\n\nThese days, she's more of a large.", "Gambling has brought our family together. We had to move to a smaller house.", "How did the nucleus escape from prison? Through the cell wall.", "Ghosts are starving everywhere except in the Southern U.S. because that's where the soul food is. / ", "What does it mean if someone gives me half a peace sign?", "The wife and I went to a bank robbers themed fancy dress party last night.\u00a0Well I did. She stayed in the car and kept the engine running.", "My boss hates it when I shorten his name to Dick, mostly because his name is Steve. / ", "Farts are just the ghosts of the things we have eaten. / ", "I walk by the clock to pass the time.", "What's the difference between virgin olive oil and regular olive oil? Popeye's penis.", "Yo mama so fat when her beeper goes off, people think she's backing up.", "My ex-wife had my name tattooed on her boob, but she had it removed. I've been erased from her mammary.", "Here\u2019s a joke for all you psychics out there... / ", "A bikini is an outfit where 90% of a women's body is exposed and men are decent enough to stare at the 10% that is covered.", "After reading this you will notice that the the brain doesn't notice the second \"the\".", "My wife is \"like a plunger\" when she gets drunk. She likes to bring up old shit.", "Why were the Paul Walker jokes removed from the Bieber Roast? Paul Walker has already been roasted.", "What do you do if you see a spaceman? Park in it man.", "Baby: What you can sleep like if you dont have one.", "I had three dates today. They were incredible. Three more tomorrow. Thing is, I have to finish this box of dates before it expires.", "Why can Mario smash bricks with his head but dies when he gets touched by a turtle?", "What's the difference between Jews and Christians? Jews get really angry, but Christians just get a little cross.", "What do elephants use for a tampon?  Sheep", "How can you spot the prostitute at the Miss America pageant? She's wearing a sash that says Idaho.", "If you do not like the answer, you shouldn't have asked the question.", "I was so upset the day I found my first grey hairs. I thought I'd dye.", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Thistle. Thistle who? Thistle be the last time I knock.", "What do sperm and politicians have in common? About 1 in every 500 or 600 million have a chance at becoming human.", "My friends' kids' names began from a-z. after they had George, they named their next girl Zack. I don't think they wanted anymore kids.", "When people tell me to make myself at home, I begin to yell invariably at the tv.", "I'm in a same-sex marriage. The sex is always the same.", "Frustration is not having anyone to blame but yourself.", "Does this XXXXL shirt make me look fat?", "Dunning Kruger / I think that most people that reference the Dunning-Kruger Effect think they understand it more than they actually do.", "Why did Gateway computers go out of business? Because they led to stronger and addictive computers.", "Did you hear about the testicular cancer survivor who won the lottery? When he found out, the guy went nut.", "I like to shit with the door open because it keeps people from getting into the elevator with me. / ", "email: Once an efficient and fast method of communication and message transferring, now a way of harassing Internet users with spam,", "Midget psychic escaped from prison! Newspaper headline reads; Small Medium at Large.", "I got arrested for impersonating a firework. They let me off.", "What do you call a sheep with no legs?\nA cloud", "Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie? Because he was too far out.", "Police are working tirelessly to catch the local wheel thief. / ", "Being open minded is the most important personality trait and no one can convince me otherwise! / ", "Why is chili so annoying? Because it's always Jalope\u00f1o business.", "Roses are red. Violets are blue. I've got a knife. Get in the back of the van.", "Why did we name our planet after dirt?", "How do you make a hormone? Don't pay her. ", "I just got gas for $1.39 today at lunch! Gotta love Taco Bell.", "When my mate gave me a leaflet about anger management..I lost it.", "You know your out of shape when you get exhausted trying to get a gym membership.", "If a woman's period stops on occasion and then restarts, it should be referred to as a comma. / ", "Why are male bathrooms on the left, and female bathrooms on the right? Because women are always right, even when they're full of shit.", "I stayed up all night to see where the sun went. Then it dawned on me.", "What does a house wear?......... Address / ", "People who steal magazines have issues. / ", "My neighbour complained to me about my dog chasing people on a bike. My dog can't even ride a bike.", "How do you kill a circus? Go straight for the juggler", "I just found out my girlfriend has 50,000 bees. I think she's a keeper.", "How many straight San Franciscans does it take to screw in a light bulb? Both of them.", "Why are New Yorkers so depressed? Because the light at the end of the tunnel is New Jersey", "Weighing an elephant is just like weighing a human..But on a much bigger scale.", "A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.", "One man's trash is another man's treasure. Wonderful saying, horrible way to find out you were adopted / ", "I finally got my sportscar. Got a mad gash between my eyes from a football!", "When you think about it, the greatest act of trust is two cannibals giving each other oral sex. / When you think about it, the greatest act of trust is two cannibals giving each other oral sex.", "Just illegally downloaded a video while here in Jamaica. Does that make me a pirate of the Caribbean?", "Don't worry, Mayans. If you get it wrong, it's not the end of the world.", "It takes me three tries to get it right on the first attempt.", "You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.", "You see my next-door neighbour worships exhaust pipes, he's a catholic converter.", "I've been asked out by a number of hot women in my time. 0 is a number, right?..", "What time is it when you see an elephant sitting on your tv? Time to buy a new tv.", "A seal walks into a club. The doorman takes his coat.", "What did the letter say to the stamp? Stick to me and we'll go places.", "Why are Hurricanes named after women? Because when they come, they're wild and wet, and when they go they take your house and your car.", "An egotist is someone who is usually me-deep in conversation.", "I don't have a big ego. I'm way too cool for that.", "Why don't dinosaurs talk? Because they're dead.", "Sat down with my missus today and discussed if we wanted children? Should have seen the kid's faces.", "799 languages in the world and you decide to talk shit. / ", "The most common surname In China is Chang, correct me if you think that's Wong.", "My wife is going to a fancy dress party as a rastafarian and she's asked me to do her hair. I'm dreading it.", "Two pens had a race. The result was a draw.", "How did Jesus get his abs? Cross Fit.", "What do you call a female deer that's pickled? A dill doe. ", "What's the difference between the lavatory and the cemetery? No difference - when you gotta go, you gotta go!", "What is the difference between love and Herpes? Herpes is forever.", "There are countless films without dracula in them..", "A kitchen knife and a spoon had a race. Who won? Neither, it ended in a drawer.", "Saving your document as \"fgaskljdflkjsan\" and having your computer say the file name is already taken.", "I'm a master at forgery. I have all the certificates to prove it. / ", "My grandfather had his tongue shot off in the war. He never talked about it though.", "I am making it my job to put the \"fun\" back into \"funeral.\"", "Sex and drugs killed my dad. He wasn't getting either, so he hung himself. / ", "Did you hear about the new \"emo\" grass? People love it because it cuts itself.", "Today I told my mom I broke into a homeless man house. She grounded me.p176", "Thieves have broken into my house and stolen everything except my soap, shower gel, towels and deodorant. The dirty bastards!", "What's the worst part about locking your keys in your car in front of an abortion clinic? Going in and asking for a coat hanger.", "A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman\u2019s birthday but never remembers her age.", "The local librarian wasn't ecstatic about me hitting the books; pages were everywhere. / ", "How many Feminists does it take to change a light bulb? That's not funny!!!", "My wife got angry at me for kicking ice cubes in the kitchen, but now it's all just water under the fridge. / ", "It has recently been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.", "A thing to ponder: if the Pope uses the restroom, is it a holy crap?", "What do gay ghosts give each other? The Willies.", "How much XP can I get for killing the mood? / ", "A lesbian is just another woman trying to do a man's job.", "Here's a bit of advice for you. Advi.", "What did the little Iraqi girl tell her father after he bought her a new backpack? Thanks for the Baghdad.", "I've grown a whole field of dildos. Now I've got squatters. / ", "If you can\u2019t find a lawyer who knows the law, find a lawyer who knows the judge.", "Are you from Europe because europiece of shit / ", "Cheezits twice / swearing while hungry", "K K K K K, That's my 5k done for today. / ", "What's so good about an Ethiopian blow job? You just know she'll swallow.", "Your car keys have travelled further than your car. / ", "I always cry at the same spot in the movies. Right at the ticket window.", "I walked into the boss's office and handed him a pear. He asked,Whats this for? A pay rise.My wife told me to grow it first and then ask u", "Need a distraction? Not only does 12+1=11+2, but the letters \"twelve plus one\" rearrange to give you \"eleven plus two\".", "I didn't believe my friend who said yoga could fix my bad posture, but now I stand corrected. / ", "Marriage is like pi - natural, irrational, and very important.", "A good politician knows how to explain what is going to happen in the future, and then why it didn't happen.", "Comic Sans walks into a bar. \"Get out of here!\" shouts the barman. \"We don't serve your type.\"", "Why doesn't Spiderman like rice? It reminds him of Uncle Ben.", "Why didn't BARCA didn't have breakfast today? Answer: They 8 2 much last night. T__T / ", "Do you know what my favorite machine to work in the Gym is? The vending machine.", "Yo mama is so desperate she had sex with me!", "Will all those who believe in pyschokinesis please raise my hand?", "Sperm donations are more valuable than blood donation, because they are handmade. / ", "Yo mama is so stupid, it took her two hours to watch 60 minutes.", "I can't stand being in a wheelchair / ", "My computer just beat me at chess. Beat its ass at kickboxing though..", "A local zoo just opened with just one dog in it. What a shih tzu! / ", "What did the dog say to the tree? Bark.", "How old where you when you found out the \u201cy\u201d in \u201cyour girl\u201d is silent? / ", "If Trump really wanted Hillary to go to prison, he should have just hired her. / ", "I can\u2019t stand it when my tripod has a broken leg. / ", "I have to use a stepladder since my real ladder left when I was young.", "When i grow older, I want to be a couple with my wife.. Not a couple of parents.", "A farmer in the field with his cows counted 196 of them, but when he rounded them up he had 200.", "Got a new job working at the police station sketching pictures of suspects. I'm a con artist.", "Clones are people two.", "Exaggeration is a billion times worse than understatement.", "It's difficult for me to say what my wife does for a living. She sells sea shells by the seashore.", "My wife was so sick this morning that I had to carry her to the kitchen to make my breakfast.", "I shouldn't have driven home from the bar last night.\n\nEspecially since I walked there.", "All my life, I always wanted to be somebody.  Now I see that I should have been more specific.", "It pains me to say this...but I have a sore throat.", "Twins might best be described as womb-mates.", "I\u2019ve successfully grown a field of dildos, but now I have a problem with squatters. / ", "lThe funniest thing about this message is that by the time you realize it doesn't say anything you its too late for you to stop reading it.", "People say it\u2019s difficult to have sex with erectile disfunction but it\u2019s not fucking hard. / ", "Mexican jokes and black jokes are pretty much the same. Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal.", "I was at a club, they played jump! So I jumped, played twist and shout, so I twisted and shouted! They played come on Eileen and they kicked me out.", "When you buy condoms, you're paying protection money / ", "You call the best salesman at a funeral home the Top Urner. / ", "As a kid I was made to walk the plank. We couldn't afford a dog.", "I've got a friend whose nickname is 'shagger'. You might think that's pretty cool. She doesn't like it.", "Minimum wage is for maximum losers.", "The real problem with cartoonists, they always put words in people's mouths / ", "When a clock is hungry it goes back four seconds.", "When it comes to studying boxing, I\u2019ve been known to hit the books. / ", "Why dont blind men skydive? Because it scares the shit out of the dog.", "What do you call a black man who fixes your toilet? You call him a plumber you racist!", "Just saw a sign'Mute budgie for sale - Not going cheap'.", "My toothpaste gets jealous when I try to use other brands. It's ultra-sensitive.", "Cremated ashes are dead weight. / Fact.", "What do you call a black man selling drugs? A pharmacist, you racist.", "RomeoandJuliet.doc is a play on Word.", "I was wondering why the ball kept getting bigger and bigger and bigger... and then it hit me.", "My only problem with Avengers: Endgame is that at no time do Benedict Cumberbatch or Robert Downey Jr. say \"No shit, Sherlock\" to each other / ", "Don't waste your money on anti wrinkle cream. I have been using it for six months. My balls still look like walnuts.", "Why is it called a \"building\" when it is already built?", "\"You haven't listened to a word I've said, have you?\" Always seems like a strange way for my wife to start a conversation with me.", "The only regret I would have if I died in my sleep was going to bed.", "I still don't understand how Pi is 3142Am I missing the point?", "My buddy is so dumb, he couldn't pour piss out of a boot if the instructions were written on the bottom / ", "My dog is talented, he taught himself to say his own name. Woof.", "i miss all the absent father jokes people used to make. when are they coming back? / ", "The guy who stole my Diary died today, my thoughts are with his family. / ", "I have a very open mind, people tell me they can feel a breeze when they sit next to me.", "When I die, I want to be buried with some random animal bone like a Giraffe, just to confuse future archaeologists.", "I'm in a heavy metal band. I play lead..", "I don't know how fast does light travel, but it gets here too early in the morning. / ", "Goths are like air fresheners, they smell and they like to hang / ", "If you loiter in a Tibetan holy leader's sandwich shop, You dilly dally in the dalai's deli.", "hy was the guitar teacher arrested? For fingering A minor.", "I got an e-mail saying 'At Google Earth we can read maps backwards! 'I thought, \"That's just spam.\"", "Every time I try to pour a round of drinks it ends up all over the floor. I think I need glasses.", "I told my supervisors they need to start slating the characterless employees. Since then, they've never been so dry! / ", "I just saw on the news 'Missing girl found safe' What I wanna know is. Could she crack it?", "property tax is charging you rent on a house you own / ", "I drank a bottle of cat shampoo last night. Dont ask meow!", "I stuck my head out the window while driving and got arrested for mooning..", "Yo mama is so poor her face is on the front of a foodstamp.", "My sex doll and I have been together for exactly a year today. To celebrate our anniversary, I decided to get her a book: Sex tips for Dummies", "I lost a very close friend and drinking partner last week. He got his finger caught in a wedding ring.", "Wife and daughter are out of town, which means I'm the man of the house now.", "I tried working in a muffler factory but that was exhausting.", "They are the nosiest type of pepper. They are always jalape\u00f1o in your business", "What's a ghosts favorite dessert? Ice Scream.", "The one thing quarantine has taught me is you don\u2019t need fun to have alcohol / ", "Milk is the fastest liquid on earth. It's pasteurized before you even see it.", "It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor.", "I worried that my addiction to helter-skelters is spiralling out of control.", "Guess who I bumped into in specsavers the other day. Everyone!", "The race to Finland isn\u2019t over until you cross the Finnish line. / ", "Did you hear about the new farmers dating site? It's full of hoes.", "Make the little things count. Teach midgets maths.", "Despite the high cost of living, it still remains popular / ", "My wife has left me because she says I keep treating her like a pet. She'll be back when she's hungry.", "If you're experiencing joint pain, don't hold the lit end / ", "Marriage is grand, but divorce is 50 grand.", "What do you call a man with a map on his head? Miles.", "Rick Astley asked if he could borrow my Pixar films? \"Ok\" I said. \"Here's Toy Story, Cars and Finding Nemo but I'm never gonna give you Up\"", "A non-conformist. Just like everybody else.", "I remember 2015 like it was yesterday.", "I have a chicken proof lawn. It's impeccable. / ", "So my girlfriend asked me for something that could go\nFrom 0-200 in 5 seconds. I gave her a bathroom scale.", "I'm going to get a bumper sticker that says \"If you can read this, I can slam on my breaks and sue you\"", "Why did the female dog have trouble getting a gun after the background check law passed? Cuz Bitches be crazy.", "How does Steven Hawking recover from a hangover? He presses F5.", "If anyone ever tells you they've lost their voice, They're lying.", "A fool and his money are never around when you need them.", "What is Santa's favourite pizza?One that's deep pan, crisp and even.", "I've just been told that a new belt and a new bag are not great Xmas presents by the wife! Even though her Hoover picks up superbly now..", "Roses are grey.\nViolets are grey.\nI'm colorblind.", "I tried to kill a spider with hair spray. It's still alive but its hair look amazing!", "What do you call a cowboy with no money? Skint Eastwood.", "Did you hear about the romance between the two blood vessels?\nThey loved in vein....", "What's round and bad tempered? A vicious circle.", "To the guy in the wheelchair who stole my camouflage jacket...You can hide, but you can't run.", "Since my mate had his neck brace fitted he's never looked back.", "Whiteboards are remarkable...", "My wife just served me dinner, she made a terrible mess. I told her she'd be better off using a tennis ball.", "Yesterday was International Women's Day. It was actually supposed to be held on the day before yesterday but they took too long to get ready", "Read a caution label 'Avoid contact with eyes' --shoot! I've already seen it!", "The mail has became so slow that the seeds I ordered arrived in full bloom.", "What do you call fly with no wings? A walk! Hahaha.. Heh .", "Jimmy Saville, Rolf Harris and Stuart Hall walk into a pub in Ireland. Barman says \"not yew tree again\"", "Why don't snakes have balls? Because they're terrible dancers.", "I\u2019m so scared of negative numbers and I will stop at nothing to avoid them! / ", "I wonder if the girls on 16 and pregnant will come back and have a show called 32 and a grandma?", "Maths is 40% natural ability and 70% hard work. / ", "Did you hear the latest joke about Baltimore? It's a riot", "Whoever said \"laughter is the best medicine\", obviously never had diarrhoea. / ", "My penis was in a world record book once. Until the librarian told me to take it out.", "It's really a shame that Gene Hackman didn't go into DNA splicing / ", "A girl agreed to go out with me after I gave her a bottle of tonic water. Schwepped her off her feet.", "Some mornings I wake up bitchy. Other mornings I just let her sleep...", "Put a \"no U-turn\" sign in a dead-end street.", "What's pink and fluffy? Pink fluff. What's blue and fluffy? Pink fluff holding its breath.", "Mike Tyson was arrested for beating up a pizza waitress. As he was finish eating, she asked \"You wanna box for the rest of your pizza?\"", "Dog goes into BandQ and says \"excuse me, may I have a job?\" Stunned clerk \"have you tried the circus?\" Dog \"what would a they want with a plumber?\"", "Why did 10 die? Because he was in the middle of 9/11", "Firemen hate to work at home. / ", "I broke my pinky today. It hurts, But on the other hand, I'm just fine.", "A hypnotist once convinced me I was a soft, malleable metal with the atomic number 82. I'm easily lead.", "I'm not sure what the first church on the moon will look like, but I'm sure the mass will be the same.", "I had a threesome last night with a couple of No-Shows. / ", "Why do Indians hate snow? It's white and it's on their land.", "My girlfriend asked me to put ketchup on the shopping list, now I can't read a damn word on it. / ", "I've fallen in love with a pencil and we're getting married and I can't wait to introduce my parents to my bride 2B. / ", "I stink. I haven't showered since last year. #happynewyears", "Drilling for oil is boring.", "Yo mama is so worn out, she has to have a baby just to get off.", "Tampax jokes just aren't funny! Period.", "I went to a fight the other night and a hockey game broke out.", "\"What's the definition of anxiety?\" \n\"The half of the time when you're worried about the other half of the time.\"", "\"Son, I don't think you're cut out to be a mime.\" \"Was it something I said?\" Asks the son. \"Yes.\"", "Really hate my new job crushing empty Coca-Cola cans. Its soda pressing.", "Have you guys heard the story about the butter? You know what, never mind. I don't want to spread it around. ", "Crashed my dads new car into a lemon tree! He's still bitter about it", "What's blue and smells like red paint? Blue paint", "Duct tape is like the Force.  It has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.", "What do you call a sheep in the army? Lambo", "My wife used to be a size eight. Now she's a figure eight.", "My\u00a0Boss\u00a0stormed up to me in the office today and said \"You missed work yesterday, didn't you?\" \"Not particularly,\" I replied.", "Gun control only ends well for those who control the guns. / ", "My friend has got an excellent nose for wine. It's shaped like a corkscrew.", "I named my eraser Confidence, because it gets smaller after every mistake I make. / ", "Karma is only a bitch if you are.", "My grandfather is hard of hearing. He needs to read lips. I don\u2019t mind him reading lips, but he uses one of those yellow highlighters.", "I never knew true happiness until I got married...then it was too late.", "What is yellow and lives off dead Beatles? Yoko Ono", "My job circumcising elephants doesn\u2019t pay much, but the tips are huge. / ", "What's the difference between an outlaw and an in- law? Outlaws are wanted. ", "A 'permit' is when the government takes your freedom and then sells it back to you. / ", "I hope college is gonna be as easy as half the girls that go there.", "I tried flirting with the cute girl who works in the Internet cafe but I was unable to connect to the server / ", "I hope actreas Jessica Biel names her first child 'Batmo'. / ", "Do you know what's coming back in style? Boomerangs.", "Build a man a fire and he'll be warm for the night, set a man on fire and he'll be warm for the rest of his life. / ", "Our Brazilian housekeeper is rubbish at making the beds. She's very tidy downstairs though.", "I am launching a new anti-social network called Get Out Of My Face Book.", "I went through 3 whole magazines at the doctors earlier. I would have kept on killing but they wrestled the gun away from me.", "What did the doctor say to the angry midget? \"I'm going to ask you to be a little patient.\"", "Why was the blonde upset when she got her Drivers License? Because she got an F in sex.", "If you're told to expect the unexpected, does it make the unexpected, expected? / ", "Birth control pills should be for men. It makes much more sense to unload a gun than to shoot at a bulletproof vest.", "I hate making spelling mistakes when I'm posting on /r/oneliners because all you have to do is mix up a few letters and your whole joke is urined. / ", "Me: Sorry boss can't come in today my car has broken down. Boss: What about the bus? Me: I don't have a bus.", "It really does not matter how good the soap smells, never come out of the toilets, smelling your fingers. / ", "I wanked over my blind girlfriends tits yesterday. She never saw me coming.", "I was looking at my family tree and noticed a dog peeing on it.", "You know someone has bad hygiene when their fingers taste like sh*t. / ", "Why are gay men always first to check-out of a hotel? They had their shit packed the night before.", "My new girlfriends definitely a keeper.. She stinks of elephant dung!", "Unicorns should be called unihorns. / ", "My wife and I were happy for 23 years. Then we met.", "I've been seeing someone behind my girlfriend's back..I think she's got a stalker.", "Someone stole all my credit cards, but I won't be reporting it. The thief spends less than my wife did.", "Lost an hour. Bet it's somewhere with my keys.", "I've just seen the new Batman trailer. I prefer the Batmobile.", "I asked my wife to act like a \"naughty school girl\". She forged a note from her mother saying she didn't have to participate.", "Why didn't the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe!", "I wish I could remember that joke I heard about Alzheimer's.", "German sausages. They're the Wurst.", "What do they call Peter Pan in China? Peter Wok", "Why do they leave out the letter B on \"Garage Sale\" Signs?", "With great reflexes comes great response ability. / ", "Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie? Because he was too far out man!", "My wife said she's leaving me because she can't handle my OCD. \"Close the door ten times on your way out,\" I said.", "Tesla has the s3xiest car range of any company. / ", "My mate's been offered a job in North Korea. He's going to take it, but I think it's a bad Korea move.", "I think men would be extinct if women didn't have chocolate available.", "The tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell their body parts for money.", "To all those friends I bought a book for this Christmas, just a reminder they're due back at the library next tuesday!", "I just saw some guy chatting up a cheetah. He's trying to pull a fast one.", "Wordplay / Who called it gastrointestinal tract and not analtummy?", "Millions of fans angered by Marvel decision to kill off Stan Lee / ", "My wife needs no introduction, probably because she doesn't get invited anywhere. / ", "I have a really intense phobia of negative numbers. I'll stop at nothing to avoid them. / ", "I put off more things by 9:00am than most people do all day.", "My love life is like a pack of cards, first it was all hearts and diamonds. Now I'm after a club and a spade!", "A pirate who wants to stay healthy takes Vitamin \"Sea\".", "Hear about the dyslexic pimp who bought a warehouse?", "A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well known, then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.", "Life is like a penis - simple, relaxed and hanging free. It's women who make it hard.", "Racecar backwards is racecar, but racecar sideways is how Paul Walker died. / ", "What do you call two skunks that are 69ing? Odor eaters", "Told my wife, I was so stressed only a blow job would help. She asked where I was going to find a dick to suck at this time of night. / ", "My record for no nut November, i just beat it / ", "What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.", "Whoever said that I can't cook obviously hasn't tasted my cereal.", "So what happens if Big bird gets bankrupt and has a foreclosure? I mean.. He already lives on the street..", "What does an elephant use for a vibrator? An epileptic sheep.", "I like my women how I like my bicycles. Chained up in the garage and two tired for movement.", "People in cars cause accidents. Accidents in cars cause people.", "A guy walks into a bar. He's an alcoholic and it's slowly killing his family.", "Whenever I have a problem, I just sing. Then I realize that my voice is worse than my problem and it isn't a big deal anymore.", "Auto-correct can kiss my big fat hairy ask!", "Australians don't have sex, Australians mate. / ", "If I could have sex with anyone living or dead, I would pick living. / ", "The best way to break the ice, is to pour whisky over it. / ", "I just googled the Californian fires.... came up with 26,472 matches / ", "I saw a sign in a second hand shop 'Half price TV - no volume control' I thought \"I can't turn that down!\"", "What gifts do squirrels exchange on Valentine's Day? Forget-me-nuts.", "\"Want to hear a joke about jalapeno poppers? Probably not because it's too queso fresco!\"", "Nostalgia isn\u2019t what it used to be. / ", "I could never work in the Job centre. Imagine if you got fired! You'd still have to show up the next day.", "My friend asked me if I wanted to go to a nudist colony with him later. I said \"I've got nothing on, I might as well\"", "The worst thing about owls is the way that they can maintain eye contact when you put them in a microwave.", "Nothing is as effective as homeopathy. / ", "I can't find my hide-and-seek manual. / ", "How does Sean Connery shave? Ctrl+S", "I'd love to get into herb gardening. I just don't have the thyme.", "It's really difficult to find what you want on eBay. I was searching for cigarette lighters but found over 15,000 matches", "If you lend someone $20 and never see them again, it was probably worth it.", "I'm for politicians doing two terms. One in office and one in jail.", "One time i exaggerated so much, I died. / ", "What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.", "There is a thin line.. / between numerator and denominator.", "My parents divorced because my mother had an affair with a demolition man. Home wrecker!", "Went to a butchers to play poker last week. Left after an hour, the steaks were too high.", "How do you wake up Lady Gaga? Poke her face.", "What's the difference between three dicks and a joke? Your mum can't take a joke.", "Did you ever hear about the Lucky Charms leprechaun's evil twin? He was tragically malicious.", "What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese", "I struggled to lift a bottle of water earlier.. It was an Evian.", "A wife is like a hand grenade. Remove the ring, and your house is gone.", "My head gets cold at the drop of a hat. / ", "I once dated a girl who had a parrot.\n\nDang thing would never shut up.\n\nBird was cool though.", "Immature: What one redneck says to another when he wants his chair back.\n\"Hey, you done sat immature and I be wanting it back.\"", "Drinking alcohol causes memory loss and memory loss / ", "Whoever decided to call it anal bleaching instead of changing your ringtone really missed out on an opportunity.", "What's another word for thesaurus?", "Why did the Irish call their currency the \"Punt\"? Because it rhymes with Bank Manager", "Why did the minus sign run for office? To make a difference. ", "The History Channel +1. Where History repeats itself.", "What is the least spoken language? Sign Language. / ", "A Jehovah's Witness gave me an advent calendar. The first door I opened there were two of them standing behind it.", "What's the difference between a mistress and a wife? About 30 pounds.", "What did the policeman say to his belly? You're under a vest.", "We're God's roombas - he's let us free to roam, and we suck. / ", "Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. So when you criticize them, you're a mile way and you have their shoes.", "I was going to tell you a gay joke, butt fuck it.", "If you're terrified of disobeying the government then government is a terrorist / ", "My girlfriend just asked me \"When we go to Egypt, can we go on a Camel?\" I said, \"Fuck off, it would take ages to get there on a camel\".", "Did you hear the one about the Chinese Godfather? He made them an offer they couldn't understand.", "How do you know you let a hippie stay at your house? He's still there.", "Those laxative commercials seem to go right through me.", "Two monkeys in a bath together. First one says: \"Ooh Ooh Ah Ah\" Second one says: \"Best put some more cold water in then\".", "What do you call an epileptic in a lettuce patch? A seizure salad.", "What is the same about Netflix and diarrhea? They both stream instantly.", "Just bought some Emo grass seed for the lawn. It cuts itself!", "Headmaster of Hogwarts falls down the stairs. Tumbledore.", "The only dream that ever comes true is one about peeing.", "Cashiers are always checking me out.", "I love messing around with Americans, I call random numbers in Houston and telling them \"I have a problem!!\" / ", "We call them our \u201cex\u2019s\u201d so we can say \u201cex marks the thot.\u201d / ", "My mum says you are what you eat. That's funny, cause I haven't eaten any sexy beasts recently.", "I regret pouring so much ketchup in my eyes, but Heinz sight is 20/20. / ", "Took the shell off my racing snail this weekend. Thought it might speed him up. If anything, it made him more sluggish.", "Ugly people don't need beauty sleep, they need hibernation.", "Just had a look when Sinead O'Connor was last trending on Twitter. It's been 7 hours and 15 days.", "What's the difference between jam and jelly? You can't jelly your dick up your girlfriend's arse!", "He's turned his life around.  He used to be depressed and miserable.  Now he's miserable and depressed.", "What do you call a food that turns black people on? An afro-disiac.", "When a man gives his wife flowers for no reason, there's a reason.", "What's the difference between a cow and 9/11? You can't milk a cow for a decade straight.", "Earth is the best planet in the world. / ", "Something impossible is just something that no one has done yet.", "Did you hear about the pessimistic German vegetarian? He feared the wurst", "Chuck Norris doesn't flush his toilet. He just scares the shit out of it!", "How can Congress trim the fat from Federal spending? By switching to lo-cal government.", "Trying to figure out why suicidal pilots wear helmets.", "Build a man a fire, keep him warm for a day. Set a man on fire, keep him warm for the rest of his life.", "Live, Love and Laugh and if that doesn't work, Load, Aim and Fire. / ", "What do you call a dodgy neighbourhood in Italy? A Spaghetto.", "My girlfriend saw the backseat of my car last night! She said it needed hoovering.", "Did you hear about the dyslexic who walked into a bra?", "What do you call water that bounces? Spring water. ", "My wife felt me because I\u2019m dyslexic. / ", "Two men fighting in a restaurant. One threw a prawn cocktail at the other and said. \"That's just for starters\"", "I saw this quote and I thought it was funny, \"always remember me.\"-anonymous", "What did the melon tell her boyfriend when he proposed? Yes but we cantaloupe. ", "I was made to walk the plank as a child, we couldn't afford a dog. / ", "Wind turbines: I'm a big fan.", "Does a rabbi charge a lot for circumcisions? No. He just keeps the tips.", "I tried teaching my dog how to dance, but it turns out, he's got 2 left feet. / ", "I got an e-mail saying, 'At Google Earth, we can read maps backwards!' and I thought to myself, \"That's just spam.\" / ", "Whoever stole my copy of Microsoft office, I will hunt you down and I will make you pay. You have my word!", "If I had a penny for every time someone gave me their dog to look after. I'd have a pound.", "What's the definition of a snail?A slug with a crash helmet.", "I'm twice as good a driver as you and twice as humble (cuz actually I'm 4 times as good a driver) / ", "If my friend asks me to keep a secret, and says, \"Don't tell a soul,\" can I still tell my ginger friend?", "Did Jesus ever get drunk? Not sure, but I heard he got hammered once.", "Politeness has become so rare, that some people mistake it for flirting. / ", "I sure hope Russia tricks me into voting for Trump again. / ", "What do you call it when you open a soda for a buddy who is in outer space? An astrofizzassist.", "WHY DO MORONS ONLY GO TO MOVIES IN GROUPS OF 17 OR MORE? BECAUSE THE SIGN OUTSIDE STATES \" UNDER SEVENTEEN NOT ADMITED! \"", "Take your pet to school day is fun and all until someone brings a Desert Eagle / ", "WTF is an acronym? / ", "War determines who is left, not who is right.", "As a commemoration, I always stab my Caesar salad 23 times before I eat it. / ", "If I throw a stick, will you leave?", "Math: Only place where people buy 60 watermelons and no one wonders why.", "How do you stop moles from digging up your garden? Hide their spades.", "Why shouldn't you shake hands with Tigger? Because he plays with Pooh.", "Once in a while I take the blame when the dog farts, just to pay him back.", "These days it is better to fart loudly on a crowded bus than to cough silently / ", "I went to punch the fog yesterday...mist. / ", "What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever.", "I just opened my electric bill and water bill at the same time and was completely shocked. / ", "when life gives you lemons,\nmake grape juice,\nthen sit back,\nand let the world wonder how you did it.", "I was watching porn last night when my mum walked in. Not the best way to find out what she does for a living.", "News just in. The guy who took an airline company to court over his missing luggage has lost his case.", "Most people are shocked when they find out how incompetent I am as an electrician. / ", "Some annoying guy in the pub was shouting that he couldn't understand how to get outside. Needless to say, they showed him the door!", "What's the first sign of madness? Suggs walking up your driveway...", "Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.", "My Wife has grown a little penis after she started taking steroids.\"Really, anabolic?\" \"No, just a little penis\".", "Say, Ernie, want some Ice Cream? Sherbert", "I couldn't decide wether or not to sell my bed. So I slept on it.", "I'm going to open a parachute company. Because anyone who would complain about my product is already dead.", "I have an EpiPen, My best mate gave it to me as he lay dying. It seemed very important to him that I have it.", "English teachers put more thoughts into novels than the authors do.", "Wanna hear a joke about paper? Nevermind, it's tearable!  ", "Sometimes I put my head between my legs and lean forward. That's just how I roll.", "Sometimes, I wish I could hit the snooze button on coworkers.", "Why do they sterilize needles for lethal injections?", "My friend's allergic to rice. He's basmatic.", "What sound does a nut make when it sneezes? Cashew!", "I wont jump in front of a bullet for anyone. Because if I have time to jump in front, you have time to move.", "Will I have an open casket at my funeral? Remains to be seen.", "Yo Momma is so stupid she spent all day saying 'am not' to R2", "I love Dry erase boards. They're remarkable.", "The only thing flat earthers have to fear is sphere itself. / ", "To girls who say all men are the same, nobody said you had to try them all.", "How much does a grand piano cost? \u00a31000", "When I went to the urologist he said I had to go.", "My girlfriend called me immature... So I banned her from my pillow fort. / ", "How do ghosts keep fit? With regular exorcise!", "My wife is a magician. She turned our car into a tree", "I named my Iphone \"Titanic\". It's syncing now.", "We do have a zeal for laughter in most situations, give or take a dentist.", "When a little person takes drugs, do they get high or just medium? / ", "Got slapped by a girl for asking \"Do you spit or swallow?\" I thought this was a reasonable question since we were at a wine tasting session", "I can't even count how many math tests I've failed. / ", "My father didn't love me as a child. Not surpirising really, I wasn't born until he was an adult.", "Infants are so open-minded to have a soft spot for everybody. / ", "Preventing childhood obesity is as easy as taking candy from a baby. / ", "That moment where you're trying to work but a bunch of YouTube videos keep popping up.", "What's the difference between a 'hippo' and a 'Zippo'? One's really heavy, and the other's a little lighter.", "I'm in the process of writing a book about a vegetarian lion and am going to call it \"Bone Free\" / ", "Did you hear about the local crossword champion who passed away? You can find him at the local cemetary 6 down and 4 across.", "I once tried to date a tennis player, but love meant nothing to her. / ", "Have you seen the movie \"Constipation\"? Well, it hasn't come out, yet. / ", "As I watched the dog chase his tail, I thought \"Dogs are easily amused.\". Then I realized I was watching the dog chase his tail.", "What's a skeletons favourite shop? The Body Shop.", "If you wait for the waiter to return..Doesn't that MAKE you the waiter?", "Astronomers got tired of watching the moon go round the earth for 24 hours.So they decided to call it a day.", "I was gonna throw all of my socks in the bin, but I got cold feet.", "I for one like Roman numerals. / ", "Every year dozens of kids are sent off to mime school, never to be heard from again / ", "What did the Indian boy say to his mom before he left? Mumbai", "If you really want to know how dead you are, just add a % sign after your age. / ", "I went to buy some camo pants but couldn't find any. / ", "someone called me gay for wearing heels the other day..but I was not going to wear tennis shoes with that dress.", "What: A taunt used by gangsters.", "If an apple is 100% paralyzed , is it considered a fruit or a vegetable?", "My friend's say I'm a pessimist, but I think it's far worse than that. / ", "Before work began on Mount Rushmore its natural beauty was unpresidented. / ", "Whoever stole my antidepressants, I hope you're happy. / ", " I discovered I scream the same way whether I\u2019m about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.", "Procrastination is like a credit card; it's a lot of fun until you get the bill.", "Hi, I'm a tagline. When I grow up I'm gonna be a novel!", "The meek shall inherit the Earth - if that is OK with the rest of you? / ", "How many light bulbs does it take to change a light bulb? Two. The light bulb you remove and the light bulb you replace it with.", "Today I broke my personal record of consecutive days alive!", "A story set in a cemetery would have a grave plot. / ", "Vitamin C deficiency is apauling.", "I bought my wife a Pug as a present. Despite the squashed nose, bulging eyes and rolls of fat, the dog seems to like her.", "We always hold hands. If I let go, she shops.", "If procrastination was an Olympic sport, I\u2019ll participate in the next one. / ", "What do you call a man with no shins or feet? Neil", "Jenga teaches children that if you work hard and spend a lot of time on something, some idiot will come along and ruin it all for you. / ", "People talk about you. If they're not talking about you then you're boring.", "Bartenders must be criminals since they have served for so long behind bars. / ", "What is the colour of wind? Blew. / ", "I spent most of last night in jail. Couldn't roll a double for the life of me.", "Hitch hikers are the friendliest people in the world. Everytime I pass one, they give me a thumbs up!", "If the world is just a figment of my imagination then I\u2019ve invented a lot of cool shit and I should be a billionaire. / ", "Winter tip: don't make snow angels in dog parks. / ", "I love the anonymity of the Internet. I could be tweeting this naked and you would never know.", "The aftermath of failing calculus was integral to my growth. / ", "A friend had a rare reaction to cheese and had to have part of his foot amputated... he now has a major lactose problem. / ", "Cocaine is like a drug to me. / ", "What's 7 inches long and hasn't been sucked in over 2 years? Whitney Houston's crack pipe.", "I was attacked by a group of mimes and they did unspeakable things to me. / ", "What's the worst thing about your girlfriend being pregnant? Having to tell your wife.", "Did you hear about the murder mystery porno? In the end, everyone did it.", "The whole world should be worried that North Korea has a missile that can hit New York, because if it can make it there, it can make it anywhere. / ", "The faster you drive somewhere, the less time you have to get in a car accident. / ", "And then everything changed when the fire nation said it was a boy / ", "The worst part about the \"Julius Caesar\" play is the plot. / ", "I've always wanted to be a doctor, but I've never had the patience.", "I've just been outside helping a guy in a black robe with a scythe clear the frost off his car. I was de-icing with death.", "We argued all day about what to call a medieval soldier but it was getting late so we decided to call it a knight. / ", "A duck was about to cross the road, when a chicken came running and said \"No don't do it! You'll never hear the bloody end of it\"", "When do Jews go swimming? When it Israeli hot ", "An Irishman is never at peace except when he\u2019s fighting.", "Dear kids, those presents were not from Santa, they were from your parents. Sorry to disappoint.", "I'd kill for a Nobel peace prize.", "A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.", "My wife laughed when I told her I was going to make a car out of spaghetti. She soon shut up when I drove pasta.", "Obesity doesn't run in my family, the problem is no one does.", "Man has his will, but woman has her way.", "I always found the fishmonger at our local market to be pretty unfriendly. In fact I'd describe him as a little standoffish.", "A horse walks into a bar, the barman says, \"Why the long face?\" The horse replies, \"I have cancer.\"", "I was working in a library and this bloke came up to me and said \"Do you have a bookmark?\"\u00a0I said \"Yes, we have hundreds, but my name's Dave\"", "I wonder if the guy who coined the phrase 'One Hit Wonder' coined any other phrases. / ", "Looks like my do absolutely nothing and get filthy rich plan isn't working.", "\"MIDWIFE FOR SALE...(can deliver.) / ", "I'd like to have more self-esteem, but I don't deserve it. :( / ", "Every year, hundreds of students enrol in mime school, never to be heard from again. / ", "It's close between Tyson Fury and Andy Murray for the BBC Sports Personality trophy. I reckon the Gypsy will just nick it.", "Best place to meet someone with a smoking hot body is the burn ward at the hospital / ", "Watt is the unit of power? / ", "I could of been a snooker player, but no one gave me a break.", "What do you do if your wife keeps moaning at you? Put the phone down and order another drink from the bar.", "My mate dug a hole in the garden and filled it with water...I think he meant well.", "I can't believe pretzels are knot bread.", "I would take a bullet for anybody, unless it was shot out of a gun.", "Why is an executioner a terrible high-fiver? They always leave you hanging", "What do you call an obese Arab? Yafat Fuqa.", "Big TV dinners=big TVs", "What's worse than finding a worm in you apple? Finding half a worm.", "I've got a joke about a tendon but it's a bit close to the bone.", "Galaxy Note jokes are the new \"Yo Mamma So Fat\" jokes.", "Make love not war - or marry and do both.", "What do you call a woman who stands straddling a river? Bridgette.", "My cat should stop thinking outside of the box.", "Why are domestic violence jokes funny? They always have great punchlines", "I opened an oyster bar. Eat here or go shuck yourself. / ", "What do Japanese men do when they have erections? They vote.", "I almost had a threesome last night. I just needed two more people.", "Why did the guy have Ben Franklin tattooed on his penis? His girlfriend was great at blowing 100 bucks.", "Why did the dinosaur cross the road? Because the chicken joke hadn't been invented yet.", "Some girl yelled at me ' you're so hot!!' today on the street. Dont believe me? Ask Brad Pitt, he was Standing Right behind me.", "Opinions are like assholes, I look at the one's of hot chicks online / ", "Eating more than 229 peices of candy will make tooth hurty. / ", "The Mrs is just like Heather Mills. She only wears half the shoes she buys!", "How do you piss off a female archaeologist? Give her a used tampon and ask her what period it came from.", "The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.", "I donate my fluids for money - namely urine, which is extracted from the bend in my arm; most people don't know it but that's where their bladder is (squishing noises). / ", "Man who invented anagrams has died. May he Erect a penis.", "Sting has been kidnapped. The Police have no lead. / ", "I'm 100% against animal cruelty. Nothing makes me sadder than when my dog makes fun of me.", "Did you just throw sodium chloride at me?! That's assault!", "Why did the mushroom go to the party? Because he's a fungi! Why didn't he get in? There wasn't mushroom!", "What's the difference between a dog and a fox? About 9 pints", "Running away doesn't help you with your problems, unless you're fat.", "A police officer came up to me yesterday and said, \"Where were you between four and six?\" I said, \"Kindergarten.\"", "Went to see the worst faith healer ever last night. He was so bad, a bloke in a wheelchair got up and walked out.", "My mate just came fourth in a Body-Snatching contest. I told him \"It's not the winning, it's the taking parts that counts\"", "A guy was running around with glitter on his balls, It was pretty nuts. / ", "What's the difference between iron-man and iron woman? One is a superhero and the other is a command.", "I thought that pulling the shell off my racing snail would help it move faster. If anything it became more sluggish.", "What do you use to make a walrus smooth? Seal irons.", "I learn from the mistake of others who take my advice.", "Did you hear about the dyslexic rock star? He choked to death on his own Vimto.", "There IS intelligent life in the universe.  It ignores us.", "What's the difference between an Indian and an asshole? One smells like shit and the other is an asshole.", "The 200th anniversary of the founding of the buffalo sanctuaries will be marked by a Bisontennial celebration.", "What did the Italian say when the eel swam by? That's a Moray.", "Wife said she was going to leave me if I continued to sing Oasis. I said maybe...", "I can't wait to see my wife's face light up when she opens the fridge I got her for Christmas. / ", "Fable: a story told by a teenager arriving home three hours after curfew.", "I've just grown a field of vibrators. Now I've got squatters. / ", "Why are there no Irish lawyers? They can't pass the bar.", "My wife accused me of having an affair with a girl from Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch. How could she say that?", "Foosball: A combination of soccer and shish kabobs.", "If you steal a clean slate, does it go on your record?", "What's green and smells of pork? Kermits finger.", "lMy parents almost lost me as a child, but they didn't take me far enough into the woods.", "Twilight's like soccer. They run around for two hours, nobody scores, and its billion fans claim you just don't understand.", "I'm going to order a pizza and act confused when it arrives. 'for Chase? Chase is DEAD! He died ordering a pizza in this house 10 years ago!", "Did you hear about how the Police were called to a daycare yesterday? A three-year-old was resisting a rest", "My boss:Ive noticed u nodding off during meetings recently.r u getting enough sleep?\nMe:Not really,the meetings are a lot shorter these days", "Moses was the first ever person with a tablet connected to the cloud. / ", "If God meant for us to be naked, he would have fit our skin better on.", "Are you flourine iodine and neon? Cause you are FINe.", "College prepares you for real life right away. It puts you in debt. / ", "What do you call a run down Italian neighbourhood?The Spaghetto.", "James Bond once slept right through an earthquake - he was shaken not stirred. / ", "Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff. Ba-dum tish!", "What is Bruce Lee's favorite drink? Wataaaaah!", "What do a pimp and a redneck have in common? They both know how to throw a good hoe down.", "I was the best man at the wedding. If I'm the best man, why is she marrying him?", "What concert costs 45 cents? 50 cent and nickel back.", "Sex after a certain age should be removed from the list of sins and placed in the list of miracles. / ", "If you ate pasta and antipasta, would you still be hungry?", "I'm terrified of elevators so I started taking steps to avoid them! / ", "My play was a complete success. The audience was a failure.", "To you I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition.", "Why do mermaids wear seashells? They're too big for B-shells and too small for D-shells.", "The Miss Universe pageant is fixed. All the winners are from Earth.", "I phoned a helpline about my weak bladder problem. It's 1p a minute.", "If you're told to expect the unexpected, does it make the unexpected, expected ? / ", "Police were called to a daycare where a three-year-old was resisting a rest.", "I like to hold hands at the movies, which always seems to startle strangers. / ", "I watch pom. You misread that, didn't you?", "Not only am I a master of suspense, but / ", "The sitcom about airplanes never took off, because the pilot was terrible. / ", "I met my wife at speed dating. She was livid.", "If you sing while playing Throwing a ball during baseball, will you have a good pitch?", "When I'm in America I drive on the right side of the road, which is of course the left.", "I live life like how I type. Fast with a lot of mistakes that I'm too lazy to fix.", "Trump walks into a bar.... and lowered it. / ", "When I asked my waiter if the restaurant ever served steak raw, he replied, \u201cYeah, but it\u2019s rare.\u201d / ", "I am busy doing nothing.", "I dump so much of my crap into my diary so I\u2019m thinking of calling it my diarrhoea. / ", "How many professors does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but they get three tech reports out of it.", "My car is so small that I overcompensate by having a large penis.", "Whenever I want to start eating healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.", "Wanna hear a knock-knock joke? Okay, Two guys walk into a bar..", "1f u c4n r34d 7h15, u r34lly n33d 2 g37 4 l1f3.", "What have women and a building society account got in common? Once you withdraw you loose interest.", "Maybe in 9 months we're gonna have a baby boom; but in 3 months we're gonna have a divorce boom. / ", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Chester. Chester who? Chester Drawers.", "Did you hear about the girl who was dating the guy with the wooden leg? She broke it off ", "anyone can talk to you, but few can talk from you / ", "Two antennas got married. The ceremony was so-so, but the reception was fantastic.", "If there's one thing that makes me throw up, it's a dart board on a ceiling. / ", "Your stomach thinks all potatoes are mashed. / ", "When we were kids, we couldn't afford toys, holidays or even school uniforms..So our parents paid for them.", "My girlfriend disliked my obsession with Japanese food, Sushi left me.", "A duck goes into a shop and asks for a tube of ChapStick. The Cashier says \"That'll be \u00a31.50 please.The Duck says \"Just put it on my bill\"", "Always remember, it only has calories if someone sees you eat it. / ", "My cousin is a midget, he's relatively short.", "Keep the planet clean, it's not uranus. ", "I'm always right. Thought I was wrong once, but it turned out I was mistaken. / ", "How do you know that your wife is dead? The sex is the same, but the dishes are piling up.", "Drive defensively - buy a tank.", "What do you call a closet full of lesbians? A lick her cabinet.", "A mexican magician told the audience he'll disappear on the count of three. He said \"Uno, dos\" *POOF*. He disappeared without a tres.", "I am terrified of elevators so I am taking steps to avoid them. / ", "After it rains in Candyland, are there gummy worms all over the sidewalk? / ", "Police are after the 'knitting needle nutter' who's stabbed 6 people. They believe he's following some kind of pattern.", "Snooki's son is going to hate it when his friends discover Yo mama jokes.", "Here's a stolen sandwich. Take a bite out of crime. / ", "Why is there no black character in the game \"Clue\"? Because then it would be called \"Solved.\"", "What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when asked to join a classical music costume contest?  \"I'll be Bach\"", "It's pretty easy to stop ladies from eating tide pods, but it's much more difficult to deter gents. / ", "A mummy covered in chocolate and nuts has been discovered in Egypt. Archaeologists believe it may be Pharaoh Roche.", "lAssassins Inc. We aim to please.", "How many WASP's does it take to screw in a light bulb? Silly, WASP's don't screw in a light bulb, they screw in a hot tub.", "Q: how many ADD kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb?\nA: wanna go ride a bikes???", "A policeman knocked on the door and said, \"It looks like your wife has been in an accident...\" I said \"Yes but she has a great personality!\"", "I learn from the mistakes made by people who have taken my advice. / ", "What did the triangle say to the circle? You're so pointless.", "If i had the option to transform into any animal for just one day, i'd choose Thursday / ", "I went to a restaurant yesterday and the waitress had a black eye. When I ordered I spoke very slowly, because clearly she didn't listen well.", "My friends were amazed when I told them I can predict the future using herbs. \"Is it true?\" they asked..' Only thyme will tell' I replied.", "\"I keep telling myself that I am a pathological liar, but I am not sure if I believe it.\"", "What do you do if your kids start smoking? Take them out of the oven.", "__________________ / ", "Two soldiers are in a tank. One looks at the other and goes, \"Blublublub!\"", "Slightly peeved the makers of the shampoo, \"Head and Shoulders\" have not followed up with a body wash called, \"Knees and Toes.\" / ", "It really bugs me that OCD isn't alphabetized.", "The Russian covid-19 vaccine is completely safe, with with \u0438o side effects whatsoeve\u044f and I feelsh\u03ba\u03b9 \u03c7o\u03c1osh\u03bf\u0301 \u044f \u0447\u0443\u0432\u0441\u0442\u0432\u0443\u044e. / ", "Why were Helen Keller's fingers purple?She heard it through the grapevine.", "So, I ordered a sex toy on line. It was so good, even the mail came. / ", "My doctor reckons I'm paranoid. He didn't say it, but I know he's thinking it.", "I took an IQ test and the results were negative.", "My ex wife was deaf, she left me for a deaf friend. I should have seen the signs.", "Velcro. What a rip-off!", "Spent all of my wages on skin cream. Bit of a rash decision!", "Just love my favorite old recliner, we go way back. / ", "Over 96% of Tautologies are true. / ", "Hundreds of kids are shipped off to \"Mime Boarding School\" every year, never to be heard from again.", "My brother was jailed for his beliefs. He believed you could wank on the bus.", "If you run in front of a car you'll get tired...But if you run behind the car you'll get exhausted / ", "Why was the mentally challenged midget crying? He was a little down.", "I have two identical watches. I've got time to spare", "A few weeks ago, I asked my doctor if I was going deaf? Still haven't heard back / ", "My body only fights off illness on Saturday and Sunday because I have a weekend immune system. / ", "What do hippies do if the trees hug back?", "I got tired of taking it on the chin..so I started swallowing.", "Somebody had the audacity to call me 'pretentious' earlier! I nearly choked on my skinny latte with caramel and hazelnut sprinkles.", "How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb? None, the bulb will change itself when its ready.", "Where can you find a dog with no legs? Right where you left him.", "What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed? Oh sheet!", "RAP: Retards Attempting Poetry", "The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.", "I don\u2019t always use a face mask, but when I do, I make sure it\u2019s genuine leather and I can breathe through the zipper. / ", "My boss said he\u2019ll fire the employee with the worst posture and I have a hunch, it might be me. / ", "My sources tell me that confirmation bias doesn't apply to me. / ", "80% of married men cannot fall asleep after sex because they have to drive home. / ", "Is super para...gah! What was that??", "Overweight people don't skinny dip, we chunky dunk. / ", "Ladies!! If a man is willing to give you the Moon and the Stars, you should be willing to sacrifice Uranus. / ", "My wife left me because she said I was obsessed with plants. I asked her \"where's this stemming from petal?\"", "A mute incontinent. Goes without saying.", "Charles Dickens walks into a bar and orders a martini and the bartender asks, \u201cOlive or twist?\u201d / ", "Good girls Arent good. They just haven't gone bad yet.", "I've been going through a lot right now and can't seem to find a parking space. / ", "Patience wouldn't be so bad if I didn't have to wait for it. / ", "I combined all of the watches I own into a belt. It was a complete waste of time. ", "When I see people in camouflage I bump into them and say\"Whoa, sorry I didnt see you there\".", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Wooden Shoe. Wooden Shoe who? Wooden Shoe like to hear another joke?", "I used to live in a normal house.. but then steps were taken to make it into a bungalow.", "My kinky GF wants to put glitter on my testicles, but I think that's pretty nuts. / ", "If flying is so safe, why do they call the airport the 'terminal'?", "How are Bungee jumping and visiting a prostitute alike? If the rubber breaks, you're dead.", "I\u2019m not offended by all the dumb-blonde jokes because I know that I\u2019m not dumb. I also know I\u2019m not blonde - Dolly Parton", "There are three kinds of lies: Lies, Damn Lies, and Statistics.", "Where do women use the restroom? All I ever see on the bathroom signs are men and Scottish men.", "I got a book coming out. Not sure why I shoved it up there to begin with. / ", "What do you call someone who points out the obvious? Someone who points out the obvious.", "A lifelong friend is someone you haven\u2019t borrowed money from yet.", "I'm not going to vacuum 'til Sears makes one you can ride on.", "Why are redneck murders the hardest to solve? All the DNA matches and there's no dental records.", "I told my wife I wanted breakfast in bed. She said go sleep in the kitchen.", "Can circumcisions be carried out at any age or is their a cut-off date? / ", "When I told my ex I felt like killing her, she said I needed professional help, so I hired a hit man. / ", "Guess what? I came up with a new word, Plagiarism. / ", "A bargain is something you cannot use at a price you cannot resist.\"", "What's the difference between a snowman and a snow woman?Snowballs.", "When I was a kid I thought I had a Chinese friend. It turns out it was just my imaginasian", "A limbo dancer walks into a bar and loses the competition.", "Young men want to be faithful, and are not; old men want to be faithless, and cannot.", "Money isnt happiness. Spending it is!", "All in all... it was a good orgy.", "What's the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.", "Ever decide to run a red light but the guy in front of you chickens out?", "Dear Autocorrect, Absolutely no one uses the word 'ducking' absolutely no one. / ", "I'm really sick of this covid thing / ", "What do you have when rabbits climb out of their hole? A hare-raising sight.", "Jonathan Ross was arrested this morning for stealing kitchen utensils. He said it was a whisk worth taking.", "The only thing easier to pick up when it's heavy is women.", "Wife: germs last on paper money for up to 27 days! Husband: *opens empty wallet* don't worry, we're safe.", "Sorry for no tweets yesterday, I think my neighbors forgot to pay the Internet bill. How irresponsible of them.", "I'm always constipated but I don't give a shit. / ", "What do you call a one-legged woman? Ilene.", "My girlfriend walked out on me for being too old fashioned, butI thought we had good alchemy. / ", "I like to knock on my fridge door before opening... Just in case there's a salad dressing. / ", "It is a little known fact that Freddie Mercury was six inches taller in summer. / ", "Watched a blonde staring at an orange juice for 20 minutes, finally asked her what she was doing and she said it said \"concentrate\"", "Random thought, I've never seen an Asian woman pregnant.", "I drove past my gran's house this morning and saw 11 pints of milk on her doorstep. I thought, 'she must be thirsty today'", "I used to be a member of the secret cooking society, but they kicked me out for spilling the beans. / ", "'I'm sorry' and 'I apologise' mean the same thing. Unless you're at a funeral.", "Is is possible to take epidermis from one person's buttocks and graft it to another? Arse skin for a friend. / ", "One way or another, there are probably going to be a lot less anti-vaxxers after this Covid-19 ordeal is over. / ", "How can you tell if you're at a bulimic bachelor party? The cake jumps out of the girl.", "I just read a book about Stockholm Syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but I ended up really liking it.", "Borrow money from a pessimist, they don't expect it back.", "Sometimes, I miss being in a relationship. But then I look in my wallet and feel alright again.", "I love elevator jokes. They work on so many levels.", "Knock Knock! Trick or Treat? What've you come as? A Werewolf. You've got normal clothes on? Well it's not a full moon yet, is it, dickhead?", "My wife has an ass like J.Lo...... sorry Jello. / ", "I'm giving away my roof for free It's on the house!", "I hate it when I'm texting, I get rudely interrupted by a cyclist bouncing off my windscreen. / ", "Anxiety: Half of the time you're worried about the other half of the time.", "I intend to live for ever, or die trying. / ", "New health study on the psychology of midgets shows that 6 out of 7 dwarfs aren't happy", "What's the difference between a Canadian Hockey player and an Iraqi woman? The Hockey player takes a shower after three periods.", "Sorry the hiatus folks.  We took a 2 month vacation to be serious.  We're back in full swing though.", "I gave Easter candy to my roommates and I'm officially dubbed the mom of the apartment now.", "Let us be thankful for fools. But for them the rest of us could not succeed.", "What did the judge order in his whiskey? Just ice", "I'm having a bit of car trouble...mainly because I can't afford to put gas in it.", "As I watched the dog chasing his tail, I thought, \"Dogs are easily amused\", then I realized I was watching the dog chasing his tail. / ", "My Wife says I don't listen to Her, or something like that. / ", "The Lego stores have finally reopened and people are lined up for blocks. / ", "I\u2019m opening a ramen delivery service called Send Noods. / ", "Lawyers sometimes tell the truth. They'll do anything to win a case.", "Falling in love is like riding a bike. There's always a chance you might get run over.", "Yo mama is so old she has a picture of Jesus in her yearbook.", "Kyle Rittenhouse was going to speak at the RNC tonight, but he's already been booked. / ", "Why are hurricanes names after women? Because at first they are wet and wild, then take your home and cars away.", "I don\u2019t like people who take drugs, for example: airport security. / ", "My lesbian friends got me a nice Rolex for my birthday but, I think they misunderstood me when I said \"I wanna watch\". / ", "Neutrinos have bad breadth.", "Did you hear about the guy who won the anal sex competition? He actually came in the #2 spot.", "Ive just fallen through the roof of a French bakery. I'm in a world of pain.\ud83e\udd56\ud83e\udd50 / ", "May the 4th be with you.", "Please show your support of dyslexics and TR this.", "Chickens don't have friends. They only have pen pals.", "Today I got my first pubic hair, it was in my school lunch / ", "Math jokes aren't funny. Nothing about math is funny. Math is a sin.", "It's no accident that stressed spelled backwards is desserts.", "The Irish are said to be big drinkers, but they've got nothing on USA whose constitution specificly gives the right to drink liquor / ", "I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it. / ", "Do deaf people think their farts are silent? / ", "Anyone else able to tie rope using telekinesis? Thought knot. / ", "Robots are never anxious because they have nerves of steel.", "It sucks when a bathroom sign says 'employees must wash hands' and I wait for over an hour and no one comes to wash my hands.", "When the interviewer asked me to, \"Describe myself in three words.\", I replied, \"Efficient.\" / ", "I've been engaged quite a few times, but never took the plunge. There have been quite a few near Mrs.", "What do ghosts eat for dinner? Spooketti.", "Whoever said nothing was impossible never tryed slamming a revolving door.", "Originality is The art of concealing your sources.", "Why couldn't the sesame seed leave the casino? Because he was on a roll.", "I just burned 2,000 calories. That's the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap. / ", "I've told you a million times not to exaggerate. / ", "Statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarves are not happy. / ", "What do fat chicks and brick walls have in common? They both get laid by Mexicans.", "One of the biggest things I gave up for Lent was religion / ", "Apparently most dogs in Korea are inbred. Like in a sandwich or something.", "I've got it!  I've got it!  Now, for the cure...", "I went to the doctors with a strawberry growing on my bum. The doctor said \"I've got some cream for that\"", "How do we know the toothbrush was invented in Alabama? If it had been invented anywhere else, it would be called a teethbrush. ", "I\u2019ve had the word \u201clobotomy\u201d stuck in my head / ", "It's hard to explain how good my ability to describe things is.", "How many Jewish mothers does it take to change a lightbulb?None.  They'd rather sit in the dark and suffer.", "Why can't a bicycle stand on it's own? Cos it's two tired.", "So I was steering a boat with my stomach muscles. Abseiling", "Why do golfers wear 2 pairs of pants? In case they get a hole in one.", "My wife asked me to put ketchup on the shopping list that I was making and now, I can\u2019t read anything. / ", "To cut a long story short, I became a film editor. / ", "Discontinued produce. / ", "I love eBay! I sold my homing pigeon eight times last month.", "What is the difference between Santa Claus and Tiger Woods? Santa stops at 3 ho's!", "One tectonic plate bumped into another and said, \u201cSorry, my fault.\u201d / ", "Why did they have to cancel the volleyball games in the special olympics? It wasn't going over too well.", "Are Pi shops open 22/7?", "One in every two and a half men are HIV positive.", "Home alone and something just farted. Don't know whether to laugh or be scared.", "What animal what you like to be on a really cold day? A little Otter", "My younger brother was named after my fatherA bit confusing when your brother is named 'Dad' though.", "What do you call a kid with one arm, buck teeth, a monobrow and an eyepatch? Names.", "A politician is one who shakes your hand before election, and shakes your confidence after.", "I'm not saying my wife's fat, but I struggle to lift her photograph.", "Why was the baseball team hot? It didn't have any fans ", "My body is a temple. That is, it feels and looks like something that was destroyed by the Romans some 2500 years ago.", "When my girlfriend told me she was pregnant, it took my breath away, I've never run so fast. / ", "I took an airline to court over my missing luggage. They lost the case.", "It takes 26 muscles to smile and 62 muscles to frown, so don't ever say that I don't go out of my way for you.", "Dad: Where can I get a potato clock? Son: Why a potato clock?!? Dad: I've got a new job and my boss said I need to get-a-potato-clock", "just tweeted that your a twit.", "What do you call a leper in a jacuzzi? Stew.", "What did the thermometer say to the graduated cylinder? \"You may have graduated but I've got hundreds of degrees\"", "What's the square root of 69? Eight something.", "Her: \"Undress me with your words. \"Me: \"I saw a spider in your bra.\" / ", "I don't like birthdays. Too many will kill you.", "If you see someone without a smile give them one of yours. / ", "So, my erectile dysfunction support group was a flop. / ", "A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a drink. The bartender reply's \"For you? No charge!\"", "I'm so proud of my hydration I don't even flush.", "I just drank clearasil. It really hits the spot.", "Apparently David Hasselhoff is changing his name to David Hoff. He can't be arsed with the Hassel anymore.", "What did the cannibal get when he was late for dinner? The cold shoulder.", "Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac, you can always take something for it.", "I hate cliches because \"They're a dime a dozen\".", "Filled up his gas tank for only $48. It was just enough to finish mowing my front lawn:", "My mates laughed at me because my girlfriend is imaginary... Jokes on them, they are too!", "iTouch Kids: the Apple product that never made it past marketing. / :)", "The flies, call us walks. Definitely. / ", "If number 666 is evil, then 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil. / ", "I went to the doctor and he said \"don't eat anything fatty.\" I asked \" no bacon? No steak?\" He replied \"No fatty, just don't eat anything! \"", "\"What is Luke Skywalker's favorite coffee place? Java the hut!\"", "Why are gay men so great at fashion? They've spent so much time in the closet.", "Just been threatened by my housemate for stealing his clothes. I nearly shit his pants.", "My mate went to a charity night for women born without legs, he said the place was crawling with fanny!", "A lion would never cheat on his wife. But a Tiger Wood.", "I'm not saying you're a slag, but even your knickers label say Next..", "I took my wife's family out for tea and biscuits. They weren't too happy about having to give blood though.", "The lemming oath: \"Repeat after me.\"", "Overdosing on Viagra was the hardest day of my life. / ", "Why did Star Wars' episodes 1, 2 and 3 come after episodes 4, 5 and 6? Because Head of Planning Yoda was.", "Gravity is one of the most fundamental forces in the universe, but if you remove it, you get gravy. / ", "Just snorted my first line of coke so next line I'll join r/twoliners. / ", "\"What a truly inspirational man that Steve Jobs was\" said my mate. \"What is your favourite Apple product?\" he asked. \"Cider, \" I replied.", "\"When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick.\"", "A kleptomaniac grabbed a blender to take it for a spin. / ", "When my wife found out I'd replaced our bed with a trampoline She hit the roof.", "New study shows that slight overweight women live longer                      Than the men who mention it", "Did you hear about the women who got wooden breast implants? A punchline would be funny here, Wooden Tit?", "I left my girlfriend because she wouldn't stop counting. I wonder what she's up to now?..", "Turns out, a wooden stake to the heart, kills normal people too. / ", "\"Fuckface\" is my favorite gender neutral greeting / ", "Drinking a mug of black coffee always leads to a bitter end. / ", "The only time I smile when I have done something wrong, is when I have found someone to blame it on.", "Guy who thought that organic chemistry was just a game of line and dots, was wrong, students suffer now! / ", "If a man with no arms has a gun, is he armed?", "The person who proof read Hitler's speeches, was the original grammar Nazi. / ", "Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. Then, you\u2019re a mile away and you have their shoes. / ", "Stupidity's cause hasn't been advanced much by its many martyrs", "Did you hear about the angry gymnast? He just flipped.", "I can tell if people are judgmental just by looking at them / ", "Tomorrow's Self Harm Support Group meeting has been cancelled due to staff cuts . / ", "I'm giving up past tense for Lend. / ", "What is the thinnest book in the world? What Men Know About Women", "Urinals need some anger management, they are always pissed.", "I've just bought a load of cheap Harry Potter DVDs. They were only two Quidditch.", "If the gas station is 2 miles away and my dad can drive at 60MPH, why hasn't returned from getting snacks for 6 years?", "War does not determine who is right \u2013 only who is left.", "I've just heard all dentists are going on strike.....Brace yourselves. / ", "My wife's so fat, when she fell\u00a0down\u00a0the\u00a0stairs\u00a0I thought East Enders was ending.", "What has a lot of keys but can not open any doors?\nA piano.", "If a sheep and a crow had sex, would their baby be a creep? / ", "DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE NEW BAGHDAD ROCK GROUP? NO KIDS ON THE BLOCK.", "Daniel keep going, count is only at 40.", "I just bought an awful cheap thesaurus. Not only is it awful, it's awful!", "Gutted the wife has left me! She's took the Sky Box and all my Bob Marley records too. No woman no Sky", "From what I've heard, people from Nepal don't Everest. / ", "Beware of alphabet grenades! They could spell disaster!", "How many ADHD kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Wanna go see a movie?", "My hobby is travelling to different countries looking for agricultural storage units, I\u2019m a silo seaker / ", "I love gardening from my head.......tomatoes. / ", "Main: what a guys number one girl is. He fails to tell her about the others.", "All girls are iron man. Fe=Iron Male=Man", "Elvis Presley was clearly illiterate. It's L for Las Vegas, Not V!", "I'll be a great mother some day.\n-Dude on the street", "Kentucky pregnancy rate hits ALL TIME low as Covid 19 puts a stop to family reunions. / ", "I'm always one step ahead of my girlfriend. When she dumped me, I told her the bags were already in the car.", "A friend of mine asked me how much I spend on a bottle of wine. I said \u201cOh, about 15 minutes\u201d... / ", "Had a massage today, I came away in a foul mood. They rubbed me up the wrong way.", "There are 3 kinds of people. Those who can count and those who can't.", "Mrs and 3 of her pals squeezed into my car after weight watchers. I muttered \"fat cows\". The Mrs snapped \"What was that!?\". I said \"You Herd\"..", "My party trick is swallowing two pieces of string and an hour later they come out my arse tied together. I shit you knot.", "How are Christians against piercings, didn't Jesus have like four? / ", "Accordion to a study, 93% won't notice if a word has been replaced with an instrument. / ", "I'm so poor that I've been forced to eat my mates herb garden. I'm living on borrowed thyme!", "I just took the 6 o'clock Birmingham train. The people from the train company were furious and made me give it back.", "Why is abbreviation such a long word?", "I can\u2019t handle doorknobs / ", "I cut my finger whilst slicing cheese. I have grater problems.", "I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she called me up and told me I wouldn't be able to make it. / ", "I was walking along today, and on the road I saw a small dead baby ghost. Although thinking about it, it might have been a handkerchief.", "I wish school was as easy as half the girls that go there.", "I can't find the meaning of nihilism anywhere. / ", "Parents put so much pressure on their kids, that they end up with crack / ", "Trust me, killing myself is the last thing I\u2019ll ever do. / ", "You'd be paranoid too if everybody hated you.", "I'm going on a blind date tonight. I hope our dogs get on.", "One reason I don\u2019t drink is that I want to know when I am having a good time.", "An Arab offered me 40 camels for my wife. Unfortunately, I don't smoke.", "Why'd The blonde get fired from The M&M factory? She threw away all The W's", "Why don't Mexicans barbeque?  Because the beans slip through the grill", "A cowboy walks into a German car showroom and says \"Audi\".", "Girl: If you were my husband I would poison your coffee.\nBoy: If you were my wife I\u2019d drink it.", "I broke my finger last week. On the other hand, I'm okay. / ", "I'm not saying Michael Jackson was guilty. But if I was a billionaire paedophile, I'd buy a funfair for my back garden.", "Why didn't the teddy bear eat his dessert? Because he was stuffed.", "My nickname in college was \"The Love Machine\". I sucked at tennis. / ", "Called my boss, what's the different between work and your daughter. I will not be coming into work today.", "A banana and a vibrator are lying on a bed. The banana turns to the vibrator and says; \"I don't know why your shaking, they're gonna eat me!\"", "Cooking is as easy as cake.", "Marks And Spencers new advert states that it wouldn't be Christmas without MandS. They're right too. It'd be Chrita.", "I saw an ad saying \u2018Radio for Sale, $1, Volume Stuck on Full\u2019 and thought... I can\u2019t turn that down. / ", "If vegetarians love animals so much then why do they keep eating their food?", "Have you heard the one about the baby with AIDS? It never gets old.", "A cop pulled me over today and said: \"papers\".. so i said: \"scissors, I win!\"", "Drunk is, when you feel sophisticated, but can't pronounce it. / ", "Elton John is great at playing the piano...... But he sucks on an organ. / ", "Tsk..a slinky riding the escalator. I swear, laziness has taken over this country!", "I used to be addicted to soap. But now I'm clean.", "What do you call an abortion in Prague? A canceled Czech.", "Somebody threw some cheese at me in the supermarket the other day. I thought to myself \"How dairy.\"", "I've heard so much about the \"Eye Of The Tiger\", but how come no one ever talks about the other four letters? / ", "Why can't T-Rex clap its hands? Because they're extinct.", "Where does Walmart keep the Terminator toys? Aisle B, back.", "I've been charged with murder for killing a man with sandpaper. To be honest I only intended to rough him up a bit.", "Paddys wife shouts:\"Did you find the shampoo?\" He answers:\"Yes, but I'm not sure what to do.. it's for dry hair, and I've just wet mine\"", "The last time I was involved in sexual intercourse....... I was a sperm. / ", "Becoming vegetarian is a big missed steak.", "No matter where you're from, if you drink enough, European / ", "Tonight is the night the missus wears crotchless pants! Not for me though! Its to get a better grip on her broom.", "I saw this man and woman wrapped in a barcode. I said: Are you two an item?", "How do you stop a dog from barking in the back seat of a car? Put it in the front seat.", "I bought an answering machine today but I think it's broken.I've asked it loads of questions but nothing's happening.", "How do pigs get to a hospital? By riding in a hambulance.", "People are often shocked when they find out I'm not a very good electrician. / ", "How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.", "My dyslexia has reached a new owl.", "2B or not 2B. That is the pencil.", "I was woken at 3 o'clock this morning by my burglar alarm. \"Time to go out robbing,\" I yawned.", "'Age is just a number'. Nonsense! It's quite clearly a word!", "You know my love for screwdrivers really extends past the screwing / ", "Marriage: Assisted Suicide.", "Our boss just banned overly-specific nicknames and the whole office is staring at Rat Snitch Brian The Good Time Ruiner. / ", "I spotted an albino dalmation today! / ", "How about you sit on my lap and we talk about the first thing that pops up / ", "Did you hear the one about the lion who ate the lawyer? Had to lick his butt afterwards to get rid of the taste!", "For the suicidal, procrastination is a survival skill. / ", "What's the best thing about fingering a gypsy on her period? You get your palm red for free.", "I had to break up with my bulimic girlfriend. She was making me sick. / ", "How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?None.  They screw in hot tubs.", "Who is this feat. Guy? He's in a lot of songs.", "Why can't Michael Jackson play chess? Because he doesn't know if he's black or white.", "And then J.K. Rowling wrote, \"And Harry woke up from his long, long dream\"", "Women drivers are like stars in the sky. You can see them, but they can't see you.", "When I thought I found my groove, it turned out it was only a rut.", "I'll never forget what Grandma said before she kicked the bucket. She said \"Look how far I can kick this bucket\".", "What's the difference between a good joke and a bad joke timing. / ", "Having coffee with your mistress is grounds for divorce. / ", "I'm always looking  for my Number 1. You see, I'm not a very good aim in the bathroom.", "What do you get when you have 50 female pigs and 50 male deer? One hundred sowsand bucks ", "Can you sue a Chinese restaurant for damages incurred as a result of bad fortune cookie advice?", "My girlfriend said we should have makeup sex... So I fucked her lipstick. / ", "My friend was Vegan till I Meat her. / ", "Me: \"Doctor! Doctor! I feel like a pack of cards!\" Dr: \"Sit down and I'll deal with you later\"", "How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Tentickles.", "I'm looking at my ceiling - not saying it's the greatest ceiling in the world... but it's up there / ", "I think my spell Czech is broken.", "Yo mama is so nasty she brings crabs to the beach.", "I would call you a cunt, but you have neither the warmth nor the depth. / ", "Got thrown out of Mime Club yesterday, must have been something I said. / ", "I put the 'sexy' in dyslexia / ", "I hope the pubs open soon. I need to cut down on my drinking. / ", "The local bowling alley is closed due to a strike. / ", "Worried this Christmas as our dyslexic office junior has organised a secret satan.", "Whoever put the \u201ccool\u201d in \u201cschool\u201d is dyslexic. / ", "I've had it up to here with statements that make no sense without visual aid. / ", "Yo mama is so fat she has diabetes and an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.", "Is there a problem? / Come on in to my store, just know, we do have a cover charge...", "What do you call cheese that doesn't belong to you? Nacho cheese.", "For all the things done in its name, Love should complain more about identity theft.", "If you're here for the yodeling lesson, please form an orderly orderly orderly orderly queue... / ", "\"LIZARD!\"...\"lizard\"...\"lizard\"...there must be a gecko in here... / ", "A bloke walked into a Fishmongers with a giant condom under his arm. \"A pound a fillet?\" The Fishmonger replied \"A pound you don't\".", "My wife said I'm too stupid to know what day it was and there's just no need for that sort of thing, is there? Not at Christmas. / ", "I just saw a great documentary earlier about how ships are kept together. It was riveting!", "Liners liners, that's two liners / ", "Sigarettes are the main reason for statistics.", "I can get you 5000 tampax for a fiver. No strings attached.", "Why did the hipster go kayaking in a tributary? Rivers are too mainstream. ", "How many Jewish American Princesses does it take to change a light bulb? Two.  One to pour the Tab, and one to phone Daddy.", "Calling your mother an asshole makes you a piece of shit. / ", "The most terrifying thing a woman can say to me is \"notice anything different?\"", "I used to date a dyslexic girl. I took her home and she ended up cooking my sock.", "If I make you breakfast in bed, A simple 'Thank you' is all I need. Not all this 'Who are you and what are you doing in my house?' Nonsense.", "Chemistry jokes are Sodium funny.", "My wife told me she wanted the body of a stripper, but she screamed when I brought her one.", "I\u2019ll tell ya, I kno I\u2019m ugly. The other day, I went to my proctologist and he stuck finger in my mouth / -Rodney Dangerfield", "Computer programmers don't byte, they nybble a bit.", "The surgeon asked me if I wanted anaesthetic during my operation tomorrow, I told him I'll sleep on it / ", "They should rate Dreams on a scale of Martin Luther King to Freddy Krueger !!! / ", "If you want a successful relationship, find someone who likes the same thermostat setting you do.", "What might a farmer put on his resume? Works well with udders. ", "How does a black woman know she's pregnant? When she pulls out her tampon the cotton's been picked.", "What does a perverted frog say? Rubbit.", "Saw a flying saucer today. It appeared right after the flying cup that my girlfriend threw at me.", "What do you call an invisible mom that got a sex change. Transparent", "My girlfriend makes me want to become a better person, so that I can get a better girlfriend. / ", "My son has just come home with a settee and two chairs. I'm fuming! I've told him not to accept suites from strangers!", "What is al-queda's favorite football team? The New York Jets.", "I only know 25 letters of the alphabet, I don't know Y. / ", "I had sex with a flight attendant and caught crabs, that's just plane lousy. / ", "What's the difference between a feminist and a computer? You can punch information into a computer.", "If you masturbate after smoking marijuana, is it high-jacking or weed-whacking? / ", "My sister has a new job, but it's hard to say what she does. She sells sea shells on the seashore.", "If you hold a mackerel to your ear you can just about hear the fishmonger in Morrisons telling you to put the fucker down.", "Why was the Energizer Bunny arrested? He was charged with battery.", "Two men walk into a bar... You would have thought the second one would have ducked....", "I can't put into words how much I love my wife. I'm illiterate!", "Today my dog 'Minton' swallowed a shuttlecock. Bad Minton!!!", "This girl came up to me and said she recognised me from vegetarian club. I was confused, I'd never met herbivore.", "What concert ticket costs 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback", "I was trying to explain the concept of Twitter to my friend. But she finally said \"I don't follow you\"", "What do you call a fake macaroni? An impasta.", "Justice is best served cold because if it was served warm it would be justwater. / ", "there are three types of people in this world: Those who can count, and those who cant.", "What do Rhinoceroses have that no other animal on earth has? Baby Rhinoceroses.", "I tried to start a group for guys with Erectile Dysfunction, but nobody was up for it. / ", "Im sorry, did The middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?", "Little known fact...There are currently more airplanes under the water, than there are submarines in the air. / ", "I just explained Google images to my mum: \"Pick anything to search for\" I told her. \"What about a nice cream pie?\" She asked", "What's the difference between a musician and a large cheese pizza? A large cheese pizza can feed a family of four.", "A clown has been sacked for turning up late for his job at the circus. He is suing for funfair dismissal.", "Just wanted to share my success! I finished this puzzle I\u2019ve been working on this morning.. / It said 2-4 years, but I completed it in 3 months!", "Since my deaf dad developed arthritis in his fingers, he's been in unspeakable pain. / ", "Did you hear about the hard of hearing Mexican racist? He tried to join the que que que.", "staring from a distance counts is flirting, right?", "After winning the game I decided to throw the ball into the crowd like they do on TV but apparently that's unacceptable in Bowling. / ", "If humans had to build their houses like spiders I would literally shit bricks. / ", "I wish I could get as high as my expectations / ", "Did you hear about the man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray? They say that he's a seasoned veteran.", "My friend recently was crushed by a pile of books, but he only has his shelf to blame. / ", "Condoms are for fucking pussies. / ", "I really love playing chess with elderly people in the park but it\u2019s just really hard to find thirty two of them willing to do it. / ", "I kissed her lips, she closed her legs, I broke my glasses. / ", "\"Haunted House\" By Hugo First", "What is a ghost's favorite type of porn? Booooookake", "Committing suicide is a 6 step process. \nStep 1: Find the edge of a cliff....\n....now take 5 more steps.", "If you were born in September, its pretty safe to assume your parents started out the New Year with a Bang!", "If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving probably isn't for you.", "Oriental massage books always have happy endings. / ", "What lies at the bottom of the sea and whimpers? A nervous wreck.", "What do short people like to drive? A mini-van #joke", "What do dinosaurs have that no other animals have? Baby Dinosaurs. Where does a Tyrannosaurus sit when he comes to stay? Anywhere he wants to.\rWhat did they call prehistoric sailing disasters? Tyrannosaurus wrecks.\rCan you name 10 dinosaurs in 10 seconds? Yes, 8 iguanadons and 2 stegasaurus.\rWhat do you call a dinosaur as tall as a house, with long sharp teeth, and 12 claws on each foot? Sir.\rWhat do you call a dinosaur as tall as a house, with long sharp teeth, 12 claws on each foot and a personal stereo over his ears? Anything you like, he won't hear you!\rWhat do you get if you cross a mouse with a triceratops? Enormous holes in the skirting board.\rHow can you tell if there is a dinosaur in bed with you? By the `D' on his pajamas. How do you know if there is a brachiosaurus in bed with you? By the dinosnores.", "God wants spiritual fruit, not religious nuts.", "When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than letting him keep her.", "My wife walked out on me after I blew our life savings on a penis extension. She said she just couldn't take it any longer.", "Why did the 14 year old Mexican girl end up pregnant? Because her teacher told her to go do an essay.", "Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.", "Mexican and Black jokes are all the same. Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal.", "I bought a waterbed in hopes that me and my girlfriend would eventually drift away.", "I really hate being a depressed atheist. Nothing to live for, nothing to die for.", "This is Motown weather...3 Degrees, Four Tops. / ", "Why do midgets make bad parents? Cause they struggle to put food on the table", "What did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire? My pad or yours.", "I just got the morning post and one envelope read 'Photographs Do Not Bend'. Liars! I folded it in half really easily!", "Never go to a doctors whose office plants have died.", "I struggle with my laziness. I'm like, \"should I sit down and do nothing or lie down and do nothing?\"", "Two boy silkworms pursued a luscious girl silkworm. They ended up in a tie.", "Changed the computer password to \"keepquiet\" because that's something my girlfriend does not know how to do.", "Why do sharks swim in salt water? Because pepper water makes them sneeze.", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Adore. Adore who? A door is between us. Open up!", "My friend said he got high from sniffing Coke, but I only have Pepsi. How do I do it?", "1 calorie equals 4.184 joules of energy, so I eat less calories by cooling my food before I eat it, then I gain calories by taking a hot shower / ", "Do you know how much cocaine Charlie Sheen did last year? Enough to kill 2 and 1/2 men.", "What's large, white and can kill you if it fell out of a tree? A fridge.", "There's no reason to be tailgating me when I'm doing 50 in a 35...and those flashing lights on your car look stupid.", "\"Irish Sniper\" By Rick 'O' Shea", "I went to the Doctors the other day, and he said, 'Go to Bournemouth, it's great for flu'. So I went  -  and I got it.", "With great reflexes, comes great response ability. / ", "There's no future in time travel.", "What do you call a labrador that becomes a magician? A Labracadabrador.", "How do you keep an idiot in suspense?", "I keep drinking six-packs, but my abs aren't getting anymore ripped.", "The word \u201cdiputseromneve\u201d may look ridiculous, but backwards, it\u2019s even more stupid. / ", "What's red, white, blue and green? A seasick Uncle Sam!", "I just bought a TV remote control with three buttons. I was surprised they let me pay with buttons.", "How can you tell if Asians have broken into your house? The dog is gone, the homework is done, and they're still trying to leave your driveway", "Why did I divide sin by tan? Just cos.", "Two peanuts walk into a bar. One was a-SALTED.", "We've been trying to think of some vegetable jokes. If you can think of any, lettuce know.", "Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because seven was a six offender.", "What did the cheese maker say after his factory was hit by lightning? I've created a muenster.", "Whas that? Oh, it's the stank basket.", "Looking into becoming a hitman, I heard those people make a killing.", "There was a prison break and I saw a midget climb the fence. As he jumped down he sneered at me. I thought, well thats a little condescending.", "A blonde walks to her mailbox-nothing. Comes out again-nothing. Neighbor says-Whats wrong? Blonde-My laptop keeps saying,\"You've got mail!\"", "My psychiatrist says I have revenge issues. I'll show him.", "Dwayne Johnson, paper, scissors.", "I used to be so popular until my therapist made me get rid of my imaginary friends. / ", "If guns don't kill people, people kill people, does that mean that toasters don't toast toast, toast toast toast?", "How can you tell a Sumo wrestler from a feminist? A Sumo wrestler shaves his legs.", "I got kicked out of my local music shop after asking about a Coldplay song. I was clearly looking for Trouble.", "I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.", "My mate Sid's been a victim of ID theft. He's now called 'S'", "Never trust an atom, they make up everything. / ", "How do you make an archaeolgist mad? Give him a bloody tampon and ask him what period its from.", "A pessimist counting his blessings, \"10...9...8...7...6...5...\"", "If swimming is so good for your figure, how do you explain whales?", "It takes more effort to order a pizza than to have a child, because, let's be honest, have you ever ordered a pizza by accident? / ", "Without geography, you're nowhere.", "The existence of the meatball sub implies that there is a meatball Dom / ", "As a masochist I enjoy getting up at 3am and having a cold shower. So I don't.", "You know why they call them potato chips? (hint: omit the \"c\")", "While driving the car on a cross country trip I decided to lose 120 pounds of ugly fat... I left my wife at a rest stop...", "I walked into the living room today and the wife had a box of Daz on top of the T.V.. I asked her why, she replied \"there's was no Ariel\".", "A priest walks into a hotel and says \"I hope the porn is disabled.\" The front desk guy replies \"It's just regular porn you sick fuck.\"", "People learn from history. Which is why you should always delete it. / ", "I really need to stop talking to my cat. Right meow.", "My girlfriend laughed at me when I said I had a car made from spaghetti. You should've seen her face when I drove pasta.", "I wonder if the guy who coined the term \"One Hit Wonder\" every came up with any other ideas that caught on? / ", "If you're not supposed to abuse Cough Syrup why does it come with a shot glass? / ", "Life is like a box of chocolates; it doesn't last as long for fat people.", "Unprotected sleep: sleeping without an alarm clock.", "I know everything there is to know about the Dunning-Kruger effect / ", "A Priest and a Rabbi walk into a bar. The bartender looks at them and says \"Is this some kind of joke?\"", "If I turned invisible I'd go to Paris and beat up a street mime. The amount of applause he would get would be amazing.", "The world is half-full of pessimists, or half-empty depending on how you look at it. / ", "The people who make medicine clearly do not know what fruit tastes like.", "Did you hear about the elephant with diarrhea? It's all over town.", "Did you hear the one about the wooden car? With the wooden wheels? And the wooden engine? It wooden work", "What do you call a vegetarian crocodile in Egypt? a Croc-in-de-Nile.", "Rehab is for quitters.", "How come there is no other name for thesaurus?", "Wedding rings are the prettiest, tiniest, most expensive handcuffs ever.", "I wonder if gun manuals have a troubleshooting section. / ", "Have you guys heard about the new restaurant on the moon? Early critics say the food is good, but there's no atmosphere.", "To be a white supremacist you have to think white humans are better than space aliens / ", "My mind is like lightning. Once I have an idea, it's brilliant, extraordinary, and lasts a fraction of a second.", "Did you hear about the dumb woodworm?He was found dead inside a house brick.", "How do you get a woman to stop giving blowjobs? Marry her.", "My wife is a famous porn star. She would be pissed if she found out.", "My mate has a new job clearing leaves this Autumn. He reckons he's going to rake it in.", "Did you know if you hold your ear up to a stranger\u2019s leg, you can actually hear them say, \u201cWhat the hell are you doing?\u201d / ", "Last night I punched my mates lights out..and got electrocuted.", "What do 32 Iraqi women in one place have? A full set of teeth!", "Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money they don\u2019t generate a lot of interest.", "When my buddy was arrested, the prison janitor asked him to come clean. / ", "A new wagon designed for LA rush hour traffic is called the Stationary wagon.", "I lost my job as a stage designer and I left without making a scene. / ", "The five stages of Monday: Denial, Anger, Bargaining, Depression, Wine.", "They say there are a lot of scammers on the Internet! And for only $19.95 a month I can show you how to stop them!", "Why was the orphan so successful? When they told him \"go big or go home\", he only had one option.", "1. Denial 2. Anger 3. Bargaining 4. Depression 5. Acceptance ... The 5 stages of buying gasoline.", "If you're ever trapped under the snow, try not to panic... just sit there and chill. / ", "Why are there only 239 beans in Irish stew? Because one more, and it'd be too farty.", "A dung beetle walks into a bar and asks \"Is this stool taken?\" / ", "Knock! Knock! \nWho's there?\nRobin.\nRobin Who?\nRobin you so hand it over.", "Help wanted: telepath. You know where to apply.", "Never, ever make absolute, unconditional statements.", "Just had a nice chat with my neighbours teenage daughter. Turns out she's right into UFOs. Which is handy, as she's getting abducted tomorrow.", "Never iron a four leaf clover. You don't want to press your luck.", "People are often shocked when they realize how bad of an electrician I am. / ", "I wish I was rich enough to eat out all the time like the homeless do / ", "I finally understand why vision 2020 didn't workout. / ", "Why don't robot chickens play basketball? Too many technical fowls ", "Why did Jesus quit playing hockey? He was tired of getting nailed to the boards.", "Someone dropped their Scrabble in the middle of the road. That's the word on the street anyway.", "If a deaf person swears, does their mom wash their hands with soap?", "Chickens like to draw, but a cock'll doodle, too. / ", "Strippers don\u2019t have A/C in their rooms / Only Fans.", "My struggle with steroid addiction has only made me stronger. / ", "I called NHS direct over a week ago about a problem with my ears. I still haven't heard anything!", "That awkward moment when your sentence doesn't end the way you octopus.", "My wife was crying because the clothes in a +size catalogue wouldn't fit her. \"Don't let it get you down\" I said, \"you're bigger than that\".", "I think there\u2019s something wrong with the cactus I\u2019m growing, but I just can\u2019t put my finger on it. / ", "My wife hit me with a balled up Kleenex resulting in some minor soft tissue damage. / ", "If you think having a second penis will solve all your problems, you've got another thing coming. / ", "Evil isn't all bad.", "What are the advantages of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.", "I farted, she left. Gone with the wind / ", "Thanks for explaining the word \u201cmany\u201d to me, it means a lot. / ", "My therapist told me my narcissism causes me to misread social situations, but I\u2019m pretty sure she was hitting on me. / ", "Don't fart in the apple store. They don't have Windows", "Take my advice; I don't use it anyway.", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Hatch. Hatch who? Bless you!", "What do you call a guy in a lot of debt? Owen.", "Why are there more Democrats than Republicans? Who wants a piece of elephant!", "My ex-wife still misses me, but her aim is getting better!", "I'm going to make a shirt for fat people that says \"I beat anorexia\".", "I was on a plane and the air hostess said, \"Want some headphones?\" I said, \"Blimey. How'd you guess that my name is Phones?\"", "How do you confuse a moron? 16.", "LOL=lacking of literacy", "Got to hand it to short people..... Mostly because they can't reach it / ", "A nurse finds a rectal thermometer in her purse and thinks to herself \u201csome asshole has my pen\u201d / ", "Why were ET's eyes so big? He saw the phone bill.", "I know a guy who's in denial about his addiction to brake fluid. He says he can stop at any time.", "Did you hear about the homosexual bear that laid his paw on the table? / ", "Why are hipsters such great assassins? Because they hide the bodies in places no one has ever heard of.", "Too bad all the people who know how to run this country are busy running taxi cabs or cutting hair.", "I just drank some WKD with ice in it. It was wicked.", "If all men are the same, why do women take so long to find one?", "The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us.", "Me: \"How do you spell HIV?\" \nFriend:\"H.I.V\" \nMe: \"Are you positive?\" \nFriend:\"Yes... Wait no... Damn!\"", "Waiter asked if I wanted white or brown rice? It's all the same to me, I'm not ricist / ", "Double standard, if a woman sleeps with 10 men they call her a slut, if a man does the same thing he's gay, definitely gay. / ", "It takes deadication to be a Zombie. / ", "If your leg is amputated, the hair on the leg is also amputated, but if you shave your leg first then its not / ", "I'll never tell anyone that I'm secretly addicted to eating glue. My lips are sealed.", "Leicester are offering Man city fans a great offer on walkers crisps. It's buy one, get 1-3.", "Borrow money from pessimists, they don't expect it back.", "Two cats named 123 and Une-Deux-Trois swam across a river. 123 Cat made it but Une-Deux-Trois Cat Sank.", "Dave drowned. So at the funeral we got him a wreath in the shape of a lifesaver. It's what he would have wanted.", "\u201cThe object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.\u201d", "What do you call a woman standing between 2 goal posts ? (ANNETTE) / ", "I tried to look up impotence on the Internet......but, nothing came up! / ", "What's yellow and square?A tomato in disguise.", "What do you call a drummer that just broke up with his girlfriend? Homeless.", "Why did the duck get arrested? Because he was selling quack!", "I put my left earphone in and said.. This doesn't feel right.", "I have a theory that conspiracy theorists aren\u2019t real. / ", "I wish Google Maps had an 'Avoid the Ghetto' routing option.", "I stood up and the button on my shirt fell off, I grabbed my bag and the handle broke off, and now I'm really afraid to go to the bathroom.", "If at first you don't succeed, call it version 1.0", "It would be so cool if I had air conditioning. / ", "I created a new word: Plagiarism / ", "My boss has just warned me that he has received complaints I'm a pervert. To be honest, I don't understand why, as I'm always hard at work", "My uncle works for a company that makes bicycle wheels.He's the Spokesman.", "Imagine the Titanic with a lisp.... It's unthinkable.\ud83d\udea2 / ", "Pickup lines don't have the charm that you do / ", "A fly landed on my wife's make-up / It then  landed on me. I guess you could say there was a pretty fly on a white guy.", "I want to kill the hottest person alive, but suicide is a crime.", "Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular. / ", "If your parachute doesn't deploy, you have the rest of your life to fix it. / ", "What did the bad plant say to the good plant? I've turned over a new leaf.", "\"What do we want?\"\n\"A cure for obesity!\"\n\"When do we want it?\"\n\"After lunch!\"", "My girlfriend called me to break up with me because 'I don't understand the simplest concepts'--I said'Hang on, how'd you get in my phone?'", "By definition, people with bad ideas cannot be swayed by logic.", "What the best cheese to hide a horse with? Mascarpone.", "My sister just had a baby boy, they've decided to call him Mark, but with a C. Cark", "I went to the pub last night dressed as a tennis ball. I got served right away. / ", "To the thief who stole all my cans of red bull, I don't know how you can sleep at night. / ", "Who's Kony's favorite rapper? Soulja Boy.", "A man rushed into a busy doctor's surgery and shouted, \"Doctor! I think I'm shrinking!\" The doctor calmly responded, \"Now, settle down..You'll just have to be a little patient. / ", "Documentaries: Like real movies except with ugly people.", "I was at a wedding the other day. It was so moving, even the cake was in tiers. ", "Always ask for a receipt, you never know when you'll need an alibi !!! / ", "I bought a dog off a blacksmith today and as soon as I got it home, it made a bolt for the door. / ", "The inventor of the crossword puzzle lives near me, he's three streets across and two down. / ", "I bought some anti-poop glasses, but now I can't see shit. / ", "My pencil isn't prone to making Freudian Slips, but my penis.", "A person who questions why they are swimming in a river is in denial. / ", "I went to the doctor because everywhere I pressed hurt. Pressed my leg it hurt. My arm, it hurt. My head. Turns out I'd broken my finger.", "Never have a tactical wank before sex! Trust me, I learned that the soft way.", "I wish retail therapy was covered by my health insurance. / ", "When I was 6 I got coal from Santa. The next year I decided to get back at him and poison the cookies. The bastard found out and killed my dad", "All generalizations are false.", "I used to know a joke about the hippocampus, but I forgot it.", "I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died.", "What did Jay-Z call his girlfriend before getting married? Feyonc\u00e8", "All girls that are 13-17 look exactly the same now. #college", "Why do ghosts love elevators? Cause they lift their spirits.", "A boxer complains to his doctor about insomnia. Doc \"Have you tried counting sheep?\" Boxer \"Yes, but whenever I get to 9, I stand up\"", "You're living, you occupy space and have mass. What does that mean? You matter.", "Need an ark? I Noah guy.", "I just melted an ice cube by staring at it. Took a bit longer than I thought it would, though.", "Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I'm OK, but I feel like I've dyed a little inside.", "To anyone suffering from paranoia. You're not alone.", "The best part about dead baby jokes is they ever get old", "I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants, but he's still making fun of me. / ", "What do you call two ants that run away to get married? Antelopes", "I have a rock garden.  Last week, three of them died.", "A successful joke is when you prime someones mind to receive a certain message, and then you steal their wallet. / ", "Man jumps in a taxi says \"King Arthur's Close\". Taxi driver says \"Don't worry I'll lose him at the lights\".", "What do you call a Blonde doing a handstand? A Brunette with bad breath.", "What are the four words you don't want to hear while making love? \"Honey, I'm home!\"", "Tork is screwed up.", "My girlfriend thinks I'm too nosy, well she didn't say it, but I read it in her diary.", "I found the key to success. Now, I just need to find the lock.", "How do you make a snooker table laugh? Put your hand in its pocket and tickle it's balls.", "What do you call a nun in a wheelchair? Holy Roller", "If you lose your tree, try stapling a picture of it to a cat. / ", "Hahaha: Used when \"haha\" just isn't funny enough.", "I've finally come to accept I'm dyslexic and I'll always be dyslexic. A Leotard can't change its spots.", "I'm really overdrawn at the bank and they keep phoning me and leaving voicemails. I wish they'd just leave me a loan.", "What's brown and sticky? ........A stick. / .", "It's baffling why Marvel never used Hulk as an advertisement. He's literally a massive banner. / ", "Did you hear about the fella who had five cocks? His undies fit like a glove.", "What did the sea say to boat? Nothing it just waved.", "What do ducks smoke? Qwack", "Several years ago I came up with the idea of writing a play about the movement to eliminate pay toilets. I've been sitting on the idea for a number of years, but I feel I can stall no longer.", "Why should honeymoons only last six days? Because seven days makes a hole weak.", "My girlfriend just dumped me for talking too much about video games. What a ridiculous thing to Fallout 4.", "In Europe, Bigfoot is called Bigmeter / ", "Just bought myself a universal remote control. I thought to myself \"This changes everything.", "I used to be a bodybuilder..or 'The Dr Frankenstein Grave Robber' as the press preferred to call me.", "Men kneel whilst proposing, because they are talking to the pussy !! / ", "Why do porn stars hate driving? Because people always pull out infront of them.", "I wish some conversations came with a fast-forward button.", "I've set out to lose 5 kilos this month, only 8 more to go. / ", "My deaf girlfriend was talking in her sleep last night,nearly took my eyes out. / ", "What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.", "I went in to a pet shop and said, \"Can I buy a goldfish?\" The guy said, \"Do you want an aquarium?\" I said, \"I don't care what star sign it is\".", "An honest politician is one who, when bought, stays bought.", "I\u2019m like businessmen with offshore accounts - / I like to spread (it) out.", "My wife says we need to work hard on our relationship because of my immaturity. Hehe, she said hardon.", "In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.", "I only watched the royal wedding for the bishop. I've always wanted to see a person who only moves diagonally.", "I don't need fun to have alcohol. / ", "What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say before he began his chess game? I'll be black.", "Me and my mates were at an Indian restaurant and some guys started throwing rice at us. So we threw rice back at them. We had a pilau fight.", "What's a woman and KFC got in common? Once you've finished with the breast and thigh all you've got left is a greasy box to stick your bone in.", "I was accused of ruining a family portrait, but I swear I was framed.", "Undercooked meat is a rare treat / ", "Few women admit their age;  Fewer men act it.", "Wife: Why are you home so early?\n\nHusband: My boss told me to go to hell.", "A gentleman is a man who can play the accordion but doesn't.", "What's the most popular form of birth control?  The headache.", "I heard Alabama changed the drinking age to 32. They wanted to keep alcohol out of the high schools.", "My buddy just asked me where he's supposed to rub the computer to turn it on..", "Breaking News: A mass fight has broken out in a petrol station. 23 People arrested in Total.", "If you replace the \"W\" in What, Where and When, with a \"T\" you answer the question. / ", "When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo I had to put my foot down.", "Pick-pockets must really love anti-mask rallies, if everyone else is 6 feet apart, it is literally slim pickin's. / ", "I'm trying to read a book on how to relax, but I keep falling asleep.", "What do Mexicans and beans have in common? They both smell like beans.", "What do Transvestites do for Christmas? Eat, Drink, and be Mary", "Why the hell did they name them 'Soldier ants' and not 'Combatants'? / ", "- What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle?  Beef Strokenoff", "Do you think Satan gets a lot of letters from Dyslexic kids during Christmas?", "Mother: \"Did you enjoy your first day at school?\" \nGirl: \"First day? Do you mean I have to go back tomorrow?", "Give a man a fish and you\u2019ll feed him for a day. Give a man a poison fish and you\u2019ll feed him for the rest of his life. / ", "God is love.\nBut Satan does that thing with his tongue that you love.", "I'll never forget my granddad's last words..He said 'That bus is going quite fast'.", "Boredom is an anagram of bedroom.\u00a0My wife gets this.", "My dad\u2019s answer to everything is alcohol, not that he drinks, it\u2019s just that he\u2019s really bad at crossword puzzles. / ", "To some, marriage is just a word; to others, it's a sentence.", "Why did the Mexican girl get pregnant? Her teacher told her to go home and do an essay", "I saw a chameleon today:obviously not a very good one. / ", "How's Donald Trump going to get rid of all the Mexicans? Juan by Juan.", "My mind is like an internet browser \u2014 I have 23 tabs open, 4 are frozen, and I don't know where the music is coming from. / ", "My new girlfriend really takes my breath away. She's inflatable.", "What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question? / ", "I\u2019ve been trying to find someone to drive me around for years, and I still have nothing to chauffeur it / ", "Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? He didn't have the guts for it.", "My mate is just not the same since he almost drowned in a vat of lemon juice. It's left him very bitter", "What do you call a cow that's had an abortion? Decalfinated", "My extra sensitive toothpaste doesn't like it when I use other toothpastes. / ", "You're not living longer, you're just dying slower!", "I just pulled a Christmas cracker,erm.. There's a joke in there somewhere.", "Getting an erection is kind of a dick move. / ", "I'm throwing a party for people who have issues with orgasms. Can you come?", "I tried to throw away my yo yo, it was freaking impossible.", "I told my girlfriend she'd drawn her eyebrows on too high. She looked surprised.", "What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.", "I always liked to watch porn growing up. / ", "Yo Mama is so stupid she enjoys the musical stylings of Nickelback.", "Funny Laws-Alaska: persons may not live in a trailer as it is being hiked across the city.", "What do you call a dictionary on drugs? High definition.", "What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?\n\nWiped his butt.", "I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.", "Gambling addiction hotlines would do so much better if every fifth caller was a winner. / ", "I accidentally stumbled upon a fetish website. It was fucking shit. / ", "Heavy metal should be renamed as \"boulder music\" / ", "A nose walks into a bar. The barman says \"Sorry sir but I can't serve you....You're clearly off your face\"", "FOR SALE: Packet of Polo's. Unopened mint condition.", "When pornstars punch out for lunch are they considered off the cock? / ", "I'm not a fan of shopping centres. Once you've seen one, you've seen the mall.", "Has COVID-19 forced you to wear a mask and glasses at the same time? You may be entitled to condensation. / ", "A new aftershave is out on the Market. Will get you any girl you want! Guaranteed! Eau de Chloroform! It's a knock-out!", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Dumbell. Dumbell who? Dumb bell doesn't work so I had to knock.", "Don't eat animal crackers if the seal is broken / ", "Once I get a few drinks inside me, I find there is one thing I cannot stand. Up.", "I got a new deodorant today. The instructions said to remove cap and push up bottom. Now I can Hardly walk, but my farts smell awesome.", "My friend really changed when she became a vegetarian. It's like I've never seen herbivore.", "There's a fine line between being a tattle-tale And saving your own butt.", "Smoking will kill you.....bacon will kill you.....Smoking bacon will cure it. / ", "Ignoranus: an ignorant butthole.", "My friend said I spent too much time in the fantasy world. His words blew me off my dragon.", "I don't really balance my checking account so much as capsize it.", "Just bought a first aid kit, thought I'd treat myself . / ", "Never trust a man with a bald head. For all you know, he could've been a Ginger!!", "Girlfriend: \"I'm sick of you pretending you're a detective. I think we should split up.\"\nMe: \"Good idea. We can cover more ground that way.\"", "How many ants does it take to rent a house? Ten ants", "What do you call a fish without an eye? A fsh.", "All of my passwords are protected by amnesia. / ", "I'm fed up with my boss for forcing me to stand on one leg every single day. Tomorrow I'm putting my foot down.", "I wonder if the ladies at the clubs can hear what the sings are saying about them.", "I like Freudian slips as much as the next gay. / ", "They say 5 out of 4 people have problems with fractions.", "Just in, the new SCOTUS promises to be Ruthless! / ", "I threw a party for people who can't ejaculate. Nobody came.", "To whoever stole my antidepressants, I hope you\u2019re happy / ", "As of today I stopped drinking, last night I got so drunk I blew chunks! Chunks is my dog. / ", "I think a good conversation starter for a first date is \u201cHow deep do you have to dig until it\u2019s no longer considered a shallow grave?\u201d / ", "My wife left me for a weather man. She'll be mist.", "How do you make a dead baby float? Add 2 scoops of ice cream. ", "Never take the 'P' out of a pirate..... as he becomes very angry. / ", "This joke is so dark that I hope it doesn't get shot by the police.", "Why was tigger's head in the toilet? He was looking for pooh! ", "Well, to be frank i'd have to change my name. / ", "My dog just chased some kid on a bike, I had no idea my dog could even ride a bike.", "Life gets easier when youre part of the problem.", "Chickens don't go to Church because they are Eggnostic. / ", "Turns out, when asked, who your favourite child is, you're supposed to pick your own. / ", "Finding a 'needle in a haystack' is quite easy, if you set the hay on fire. / ", "Don't join dangerous cults. Always practice safe sects!", "Have you seen the price of velcro? It's a ripoff!", "People in the UK eat more bananas than monkeys. Last year they consumed 72,400 bananas and only 4 monkeys.", "My new girlfriend lets me lick anything off her! Butter, jam, cheese, you name it she lets me lick it off her. She's a cracker.", "Why are there no casinos in Africa? Too many cheetahs.", "Never blame a midget pornstar for all his short comings / ", "Just got a text 'I'm so dirty. I need you to do me right now'. Unfortunately it was from the dishes in my sink.", "We no longer live in the real world. We live in the reel world.", "What do you call a man with no arms or legs in water? Bob. What do you call a man swimming in water with no arms or legs? Clever Dick", "Abortion, unexpecting the expected / ", "Whenever I see a sign that says 'keep off the grass'. I wonder how it got there.", "Why do people want dollars to grow on trees? They're made from trees people.", "Mike Tyson once watched Breaking Bad, he thought it was pretty methed up. / ", "What does a donkey proctologist do? Assesses ass' asses.", "I've been caught red-handed lying about the colour of my body parts. / ", "Did Noah include termites on the ark?", "I felt like I was on the voice today! I farted on the bus and 4 people turned around.", "Let's be frank here. I'm Sinatra.", "Only 50% of kids survive after falling into a meat grinder. / ", "What's the difference between a hooker and a wife? One's contract, the other is pay-as-you-go.", "Took a dip in the pool. Lifeguard said 'What you got there?' I said 'hummus'", "I don't hate you, but If you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.", "Winter is now here. And Have I changed the stained silk sheets? No, but they've gotten worse.", "Confidence is the feeling you sometimes have before you fully understand the situation.", "I intend to live forever or die trying!", "Who wants to help fight \"The War Against Terrorism?\"......... Join TWAT now. / ", "My wife's a sex object. Everytime I ask for sex, she objects.", "What did the writer say when he glued himself to his book? That's my story and I'm sticking to it. ", "What do you call a cow that has had an abortion? Decaffeinated", "I consider \"On Time\" to be when I get there.", "So what do you know about dwarfs then? Very little.", "ApproverypriateSorry - that was very in appropriate.", "A policeman asked me to come down to the station for an interview...I haven't even applied for a job there!", "Ever had Ethiopian food? No? Neither have they.", "Never mess with a woman, they remember stuff that hasn't even happened yet . / ", "There are 2 ducks. One duck pulls his pants down. What does the other duck see? His but-quack.", "My girlfriend says I'm clueless. I haven't an idea what she is talking about.", "Women shouldn't have children after thirty. Because, really, thirty children should be enough.", "I can't believe no one has managed to come up with a cure for anorexia yet, honestly, I thought it'd be a piece of cake. / ", "Last night I layed in bed looking up at the stars in the sky, and I thought to myself... Where's the roof gone?", "My wife likes it when I blow air on her when she's hot, but honestly... I'm not a fan. / ", "Last night in bed my wife asked me to roleplay. Turned out I was just an extra. / ", "An apple a day keeps the doctor away, But if the doctor is cute forget the fruit.", "I'm still working in the antique shop. Nothing new there. / ", "My doctor said my constant diarrhea was a problem caused by genetics. It runs in my genes.", "My girlfriend just told me she's really randy.. Devastated to find out she's actually a bloke.", "I'm writing a joke about a guy's first day at FedEx but I just can't get the delivery right.", "Me: People say I've got a special way of lighting up the roomJudge: It's called arson and those people are witnesses.", "Halo 4: Saving more Teen pregnancies than Trojan.", "What's the difference between Bill Cosby and a Rap artist? The art", "Why aren't Mexicans ever indecisive? Because if they're on the fence too long they get caught.", "Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it isn't going away.", "What did Paris Hilton's left leg say to her right leg? nothing, they're never together. ", "At what point does a Lamb become a Sheep? When its had it's Baaaaa-Mitzvah! ", "I had to quit my job at the shoe recycling factory. It was sole destroying.", "What do you call a Bear that's missing an ear? A 'B'", "I never let my children listen to jazz or classical music. It's full of sax and violins.", "We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.", "I need a filling, but I've been to the dentist before so it's okay. I know the drill.", "I live for my alarm clock collection. It's the only reason I get up in the morning.", "I asked my wife to sing with me at the karaoke, but she didn't want to duet. / ", "My family couldn't agree on whether to get grandpa buried or cremated, so in the end, we just let him live. / ", "we could get along like a dumpster on fire / ", "My mailman got a sex change, so I guess you\u2019d call him a post-man now. / ", "My ex wife died so to honor her, I poured a fine, 12 year old bottle of scotch on her grave. But first I filtered it through my kidneys.", "Do not trust atoms. They make up everything.", "My neighbour has at last forgiven me for flashing my bum at her. She's over the moon.", "I am desperately trying to figure out why Kamikaze pilots wore helmets.", "When you really want to slap someone, do it and say \"Mosquito!!\"", "Got the missus a new bag and a new belt for Valentines Day. She'll be made up! The hoovers as good as new now.", "Doing nothing is fucking hard to do, you never know when you're finished. / ", "I bought an off-road vehicle in a blind auction..Got it delivered and It was a canoe.", "I've never been married, but I've had a few near Mrs. / ", "Oral sex in the morning is a great way to get a head start. / ", "I'm not as think as you drunk I am.", "I was wondering why the baseball was getting bigger, and then it hit me. / ", "My wife is on a tropical food diet, the house is full of the stuff. It's enough to make a mango crazy.", "Avoid alliteration...always.", "Nostalgia isn\u2019t what it used to be / ", "I\u2019m as straight as the lines on a gay pride flag. / ", "Just met Jurgen Klopps little brother. Klippety", "I was gonna tell a joke about a roof, but it would probably go over peoples heads.", "How do you get a country girls attention? ......... A tractor. / ", "She ran after the garbage truck, yelling, \"Am I too late for the garbage?\" Following her down the street I yelled, \"No, jump in!\"", "I have had amnesia for as long as I can remember. / ", "How doe's a Yorkshire man say \"it isn't in the tin?\" \"Tin tin tin\".", "She sells sea shells by the sea shore..Surely that's the worst possible place to try and sell shells..", "Did you hear about the Italian chef with a terminal illness? He pastaway.", "I just gave my girlfriend a ring and proposed....that we break up. Then I put the phone down on her.", "The worst job for a procrastinator? Ice sculpting.", "Mountain climbers are curious types. They always want to take another peak.", "Wanna lose weight? Buy super glue and get rid of that big mouth of yours!", "I used to have a job crushing cans. It was soda pressing.", "I made a chicken salad today but the ungrateful pecker didn\u2019t even eat it! / ", "What do you call a gay drive-by? A fruit roll-up", "I went back this girls place and she had a 10-foot lightswitch. It was a massive turnoff!", "At me bro you come. - Yoda", "Quitters never win, winners never quit. But those who never win and never quit are idiots.", "My wife says she enjoys sex more whilst on holiday. Well, I can tell you, that was an awkward postcard to receive.", "I used to think that my girlfriend not wearing any knickers under her skirt would be sexy, until I saw the skidmarks on my sofa.", "A semicolon broke the law; it was given two consecutive sentences. / ", "I just started rewatching the Last Dance because I\u2019m back on that bullshit. / ", "A blind person was eating seafood. It didn\u2019t help. / ", "What rock group has four men that don't sing? Mount rushmore", "What do you call a man that steals everyday? Robin Daley", "Why did the flattened can of Coke want to off itself? Because it was soda pressed!", "My neighbors listen to Smashmouth's All-Star a lot. Whether they like it or not. / ", "I was struggling to work out how lightning works. Then it struck me.", "I got the chips for my Super Bowl party. The dips should be arriving any minute.", "After complaints about its bright lights, our local Chinese restaurant has agreed to Dim Sum.", "If you have any ideas on how to prevent burglary, my door is always open. / ", "On the way to my constipation appointment my car broke down, but I couldn't get there in time because I wasn't pushing hard enough / ", "How many Marxist's does it take to change a light bulb? None: The light bulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.", "\"BORED DURING LOCKDOWN.\"..... Call a feminist group and ask for the man in charge. / ", "When life gives you writer's block, / ", "Never trust math teachers who use graph paper. They\u2019re always plotting something. / ", "\"I dropped my toothpaste!\" exclaimed Dave, crestfallen. / ", "In Beverly Hills...they don't throw their garbage away. They make it into television shows.", "I was so cold today that my jaw started to freeze. So I gritted my teeth.", "I once encountered a bear in the woods and accidentally played Dad instead of dead. Now it can ride a bike without stabilisers.", "Why doesn't God like pizza? Because he doesn't exist.", "Why don't Jewish cannibals like eating Germans? They give them gas.", "I just entered the Town's tightest hat competition.. hope I can pull it off. / ", "Last night in bed, I was gazing up at the stars and thinking to myself, \"Where the fuck is my roof ?\" / ", "I was gonna tweet a really good joke but the stupid autocorrect on my phone keeps ruining the lunchtime.", "The first time I sang in the church choir about 200 hundred people changed their religion.", "People who say \"Give it 100%\" haven't ever donated blood, have they?", "If pronouncing my b's as v's makes me sound Russian, Soviet / ", "BREAKING NEWS: A lorry containing Vanish has overturned in Middlesex causing Staines to completely disappear.", "Gay jokes aren't funny. Come on guys!", "Headline: Suicidal twin accidentally kills sister", "My wife's a terrible cook, she can never get her sauces right! But I've stuck with her, through thick and thin.", "Roses are red, violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?", "I have no problems with buying tampons. I am a fairly modern man. But apparently they're not a 'proper' present.", "I wish there was a cereal with human shaped things to eat, then I could be a cereal killer.", "Why don't boxers have sex the night before a fight? Because they don't fancy each other.", "Naming one of my children Bass so if I drop them no one will get mad at me.", "The blood bank is really particular about spelling errors for a group always begging for typos. / ", "What do you call a group of confused Spanish speaking racists? The \u00bfQu\u00e9 Qu\u00e9 Qu\u00e9?", "Tea is for mugs.", "A giant fly has attacked the local police station so they've now called in a SWAT team. / ", "I hate being manic depressive. It's great!", "I can write a thousand words a minute using nothing but stick figures. / ", "Apparently our local Police station has had it's toilet stolen. Police have nothing to go on.", "I'm a fast listener. I listen to my girlfriend so fast I usually finish listening before she's done talking.", "How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None. Feminists can't change shit.", "What do the films The Sixth Sense and Titanic have in common? Icy dead people.", "Paddy and Mick are in a plane. Paddy asks \"If we do a loop, will we fall out?\" \"No\" replies Mick \"We'll still be pals!\"", "I used to wonder why I lost every boxing match I entered. Then it hit me. / ", "I got my heavy goods licence today. My wife prefers to call it a marriage certificate.", "Put down the phone, relax, close your eyes, and just concentrate on driving. / ", "How much did Santa pay for his sleigh? Nothing, because it was on the house!", "Girl: Do you know, why were females created before males?\nBoy: Because God needed a rough funny draft before the final copy!", "Technically, national anthems are just country music. / ", "What is the same size and shape as an elephant yet weighs nothing? An elephants shadow.", "lYou can thank your lucky stars that everything I wish for will never come true.", "I'm going to make an ice cream name \"Genetics\" so then people have an excuse to be so fat.", "When someone is bothering you, remember, it takes 42 muscles to frown..but only 5 muscles to pull a trigger.", "My grandfather was ill so the Doctor told us to try covering him with lard..He went downhill pretty quickly after that.", "A good limbo dancer lowers the bar for everyone else. / ", "What do you call a row of rabbits walking backwards? A receding hare line. ", "A guy in the locker room said that mutual masturbation was healthy, turns out he was just jerking me around. / ", "Last night my wife asked me if I wanted to dress up as a clown, hide in the drains and scare her but I didn't really feel like It. / ", "Why was the computer tired when it got home? It was running all day. ", "Sorry I'm poor, I can't afford to pay attention.", "I just donated $100 to a blind children's charity, not that the kids will ever see any of it. / ", "Committing a crime on an elevator is wrong on so many levels. / ", "If you want to be a plumber you have to know your shit. / ", "Three years ago today  I asked a beautiful girl to go on a date. Today I asked her to be my wife.\nShe said no both times.", "If women are always right, how do lesbians settle arguments? / ", "Jokes about white sugar are rare, jokes about brown sugar...... Demerara / ", "In a fight, I can beat anybody with one hand.. The guys with two hands are always more difficult though.", "Was driving down the motorway yesterday in a hearse. Police pulled me over for undertaking.", "I gave my girlfriend blood today, I know it's not a great Valentine's gift , but it came from the heart.", "Relationships are a lot like algebra.Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?", "Womwn have the strange ability to get wet without water, bleed without injury and make boneless things hard. / ", "to this day, the boys at that used to bully me and take my lunch money still does. on the plus side, he makes great Subway sandwiches.", "Why was Han Solo so suspicious when he put his penis inside Princess Leia for the first time? Because it was Luke warm.", "I saw this wino lying in a gutter eating grapes, I was like, \"bro, you have to wait.\"", "I have a theremin at home, but I haven\u2019t touched it in years / ", "Why did Dracula go to the doctors?Because of his coffin.", "Flashole: Someone who flashes you with their brights even though yours aren't on.", "Never go fishing with Skrillex, he always drops the bass.", "Rebecca Black's Friday: a heartwarming song about a mentally retarded girl learning her days of the week.", "What do you call a cow jumping over a barbed wire fence? An udder disaster. ", "I did a few drugs last night with my shoelaces undone. Big mistake, I was tripping all night.", "I haven't talked to my wife in three weeks. I didn't want to interrupt her.", "What kind of water do you put into a waterbed? Spring water", "My 'Aha!' moments are other people's 'duh' moments.", "I always wanted to be a procrastinator! But I've never actually gotten around to doing it.", "If a bunch if midgets did a wave, would it be called a ripple?", "Did you hear about the Aggies that were arrested in the Iranian zoo? They were trying to free the hostriches.", "Just bought an amazing stereo that's made of cake. It's a gateaux blaster.", "I before E except after C has been disproven by science / ", "lSmile, it's the second best thing you can do with your lips.", "People laugh at my car because it's ugly and green. But at least I avacado", "Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth? / ", "Which month has 28 days in it? All of them.", "Prius: a tampon on wheels.", "\"The doctor removed my left ventricle and atrium,\" Tom said halfheartedly.", "I have a time machine. But it only goes forward at a regular speed.", "I'm quitting eating these Thanksgiving leftovers; cold turkey.", "I know I'm in a bad neighbourhood when my GPS whispers. / ", "9/11 Jokes are just plane wrong, and Nazi jokes aren't funny, Ann frankly I am quite offended by them.", "What's Bill Clinton's favorite instrument to play? His whore Monica.", "Having warrants out for your arrest, is the adult version of Hide and Seek. / ", "How many telemarketers does it take to change a lightbulb? Just one, but they have to do it during dinner.", "That awkward moment when you realize the moment is just that.", "I've made a product that increases the size of your basement. I hope it'll be a big cellar.", "That would be a good thing for them to cut on my tombstone: Wherever she went, including here, it was against her better judgment.", "Did you hear about the Ethiopian Vs. US soccer game? USA: 8 Ethiopia: Didn't.", "If a pig loses its voice, does it become disgruntled?", "People who buy sex dolls are fucking dummies / ", "\"What did one lesbian ghost say to the other? I like your booooooobs\"", "Just spent the last hour tightening every bottle top and jar in my house. That will teach my wife for saying she doesn't need me anymore.", "Why was the pube angry? Because it was pissed off.", "Schrodinger tried to claim half the fire insurance money for his house cuz there was a coin flips chance that it would have burned / ", "Justice is a dish best served cold, if it were served warm, it would be justwater. / ", "I once dated a girl with a wooden leg... but I had to break it off. / ", "Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.", "What do you call a nose with no body? Nobody nose. ", "Yes, judge I do have something to say, if you truly are what you eat then I am an innocent man. / ", "I keep imagining I'm holding an invisible pack of cards,No one knows what I'm dealing with.", "They say that semen contains about 1.6 terabytes worth of information. I find that hard to swallow. / ", "If big elephants have big trunks, do small elephants have suitcases?", "A shipment of Viagra was hijacked last week. Police are looking for two hardened criminals.", "A vulture gets on a plane carrying two dead raccoons. The flight attendant says, \"Sorry sir, only one carrion item per passenger.\"", "Paddy on a 1st Aid Course Instructor asks: \"What do you do if your child swallowed the front door key?\". Paddy: \"Climb through the window!\".", "I love a girl with a well trimmed bush, it makes it easier to see through her windows at night. / ", "lLimiting the freedom of news 'just a little bit' is in the same category with the classic example a little bit pregnant.", "This planking epidemic is getting out of hand. The old lady next door has been laying outside for 3 days now.", "My girl caught me blowing my dick with the air dryer, and asked what I was doing. Apparently, \"Heating your dinner\" wasn't a good answer.", "last day / if i have one day to live , i will start doing planks", "How does a pregnant mermaid give birth? Sea-section", "What does the dentist of the year get? A little plaque.", "Can I trade this job for what's behind door number 1?", "What do Iron man and Sarah Palin have in common? They both had a little Downey inside of them.", "I size zero considered 2D?", "My dentist reminded me of my wife's sensitive gag reflex. We laughed and laughed. Then I remembered that my wife and I have different dentists.", "My maths teacher called me average. How mean!", "Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs? He doesn't want the world to know he's been making out with chickens.", "My best mate was a hairdresser. He passed away recently, but at least he died doing what he loved..Dying.", "How come you can drink a drink but not food  a food?", "I hate it when homeless people shake their change cups at me. I get it, you have more money than me. No need to be a dick about it.", "The word on the street is Graffiti / ", "As I looked into her eyes I felt my knees go weak and my stomach turned to butterflies. That's when I realized I'd drugged the wrong glass.", "My girlfriend asked me earlier when I last had sex with someone that wasn't her? I said:\"Back in 08\". It sounds much better than 'August'", "If anyone is interested, I'll be signing books tomorrow at Barnes and Noble from 6 PM until I'm escorted out by security.", "Whats green, slimy and smells like ham? Kermit the Frog's finger.", "What does a turtle and a pedophile have in common? They both want to get there before the hare does.", "A horse walks into a bar and the bartender asks, \"why the long face?\" The horse, unable to understand English, shits on the floor and leaves.", "Mountains aren\u2019t just funny, they\u2019re hill areas. / ", "I walked into a bar with my pet newt. The bartender asked 'What's that thing? Its tiny' 'I know, Its my newt'", "What do cheap hotels and tight pants have in common? No ballroom.", "Do you want to hear a joke about sodium? Na...", "I'm getting a little tired of these people coming to my door telling me I need to be \"saved\" or \"I'll burn\"... Stupid firefighters.", "Piracy is killing the music industry. You try playing the guitar with a hook.", "Don\u2019t worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia.\\", "I've gotta stop saying \"How stupid can you be?\". Too many people are taking it as a challenge.", "Why did the scientist disconnect his doorbell? He wanted to win the Nobel Prize.", "I just got a Scottish sheep dog from the pound, but sadly my wife can't see it..She's collie blind.", "What is a common illness for Judge's to have? Motion sickness.", "Why didn't the skeleton show up to the party? He had no guts.", "If a kid is late to special ed, is it ok to say they're tardy? / ", "I remember the days when 'Blue Ray' was an elderly gentleman who drowned in our local swimming pool.", "I'm having a quarantine party this weekend and none of you are invited. / ", "When my grandfather began to lose his teeth he sure complained a lot, but it was all bark no bite. / ", "I recently quit my job as a butler at a stately home. I didn't like being ordered around in that manor.", "How many doctors does it take to screw in a light bulb? Three. One to find a bulb specialist, one to find a bulb installation specialist, and one to charge the bill.", "I phoned in sick today. Boss: \"Exactly how sick are you?\" Me: \"Well, I'm in bed with my 12 year old niece.\"", "The only reason why I want to legalize weed in America is so that potheads have nothing ever to talk about ever again.", "Someone told me I'm condescending. That means I talk down to people.", "What do you do when your dishwasher stops working? Punch her in the face", "I have a leak in my pipe.. Dam it!", "Imagine eating Post Malones butt hole that's what 2020 taste like. / ", "What do you call cows that don't have a sense of humor? Feminists.", "Guys that try to pick up girls on Twitter are pathetic. Girls If you agree message me your number and we can talk about it.", "Alcohol never solves any problems.\n\nBut then again, neither does milk.", "How does a Jewish mother change a light bulb? \"No, that's all right. I'll just sit here in the dark.\"", "I had a dog with no legs. I named him cigarette so I could take him for a drag.", "Why are all dumb blonde jokes one-liners? So men will understand them.", "So... when you do so-so, you also reap so / ", "Did you hear about the Native American who drank 1000 glasses of tea? He drowned in his tea pee.", "I love you. I love other words, too.", "How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it. I'm serious that Israeli how he does it.", "Atheism is a nonprophet organization.", "Just drove past another crucifix on the side of the road, got me thinking... why are christians such bad drivers? / ", "Dim light bulbs or bright light bulbs? Watts the difference.", "How many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb? One, but that lightbulb has to want to change.", "Life is full of disappointments and I'm full of life.", "Health advice: the more birthdays you have, the longer you live. Guaranteed.", "There are three kinds of people in this world: those who can count, and those who can't. / ", "A guy said, \"I see the light at the end of the tunnel\". I then told him, \"yeah, it's a train\". ------*smack*", "What do Ethiopians get for Christmas? Hungry", "I used to hate pimples, but they grew on me. / ", "I bet You I can stop gambling.", "Crazy ex-girlfriends are like a box of chocolate. They both kill your dog", "How can you tell if your girlfriend is getting fat? She fits into your wife's clothes.", "Meh. A false sense of security never hurt anybody. / ", "Went to the park today to play frisbee with my dog but it was no fun. I need a flatter dog", "I buy a different brand of cling flim each time I go shopping.Just to keep things fresh.", "I am the most pleasant person you'll ever meet. Until you wake me.", "Went for a job as a potato packer. Ended up getting the sack.", "I think the biggest cause of dry skin is towels.", "Vodka may not be the answer, but it\u2019s worth a shot. / ", "My recent Google searches: How to detangle my daughter's hair. How to detangle a really, really bad tangle. How to cut out a tangle. Hats.", "The girl I tried to pick up at the bar last night told me to go fuck myself I laughed and said \"jokes on you I was gonna do that anyway\" / ", "On the other hand, you have different fingers. / ", "Mental Note: Actual notes work better.", "I don't know a lot about politics, but I can recognise a good party when I see one.", "Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.", "The first rule of OCD club is that there must be a second rule, so we have an even number of rules.", "Don't pick on fat people! They have enough on their plates.", "Beauty is only a light switch away.", "I'm really a timid person - I was beaten up by Quakers.", "If you spin a Chinese man around a hundred times does he get disoriented?", "9 years ago I asked the girl of my dreams out on a date. Today I asked her to marry me. She said no both times.", "y = mx + b is my favorite one-liner. / ", "I bought some lion repellent off Ebay last month....and so far it seems to be working. / ", "What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spectator. ", "I was involved in a violent mugging this morning. On the plus side I did make $43 and I think the watch looks really good on me.", "A priest, a rabbi and a vicar walk into a bar. The barman says, ''Is this some kind of joke?''", "What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang up the picture.", "What's the worst thing a mother can say to her child? I should have swallowed you when I had the chance!", "I have a German friend who is a sound engineer and a Czech one too / ", "Why don't blind people like to sky dive? Because it scares the dog.", "Why is peter pan always flying? He neverlands. I like this joke because it never grows old.", "What do you call a Mexican Midget? A paragraph, because they're too short to be an essay.", "I've never understood what a sunrise looked like and Then it dawned on me. / ", "Did you hear about the Christmas themed porn? Jesus gets nailed.", "Got fired today because I was caught masturbating with a vegetable. Nursing homes have strict rules about what you can do with patients.", "I wish my only problem in life was fighting over how many millions of dollars I make. #Lockout", "I\u2019m not going to wear glasses anymore, I\u2019ve seen enough / ", "Sign language is the least spoken language in the world. / ", "'I' before 'e' except after 'c' has been disproved by science.", "Our chemist was robbed of its stock of Viaga yesterday. Police are on the lookout for a gang of hardened criminals.", "Tired of lacing shoes? Just replace them with earphones! They'll magically get knotted up every time, guaranteed.", "\"Hurt Myself\" By Amin Payne", "Five out of six scientists agree that Russian Roulette is safe. / ", "Math may not teach us how to add love or how to minus hate. But it gives us every reason to hope that \"every problem has a solution\".", "What is the difference between a well dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle? Attire", "Deja Moo--Feeling like you've heard this Bull Crap before.", "What does one lesbian vampire say to the other? See you next month.", "If your Tesla gets stolen, is it called an Edison now? / ", "I hate the part of the morning where I have to get out of bed and actually participate in life.", "The only \"B word\" I'll ever call my bitch is beautiful / ", "Girls have tea time, guys have tee time.", "\"I can't do anything right.\" I said as I left. / ", "\"i\" before \"e\" except after \"c\" is disproved by science. / ", "I just found out that I\u2019m colourblind. It came totally out of the purple / ", "I went to a seafood disco last night. Pulled a mussel.", "My fan has three speeds: useless, useless and wind tunnel.", "I despise Russian dolls, they're way too full of themselves. / ", "My favorite exercise is a cross between a lunge and a crunch. It's called a Lunch.", "If you think about it, you go through your whole life gathering guests for your funeral. / ", "The hardest thing about business is keeping your own.", "I don't think anyone here knew this, but I like to underestimate people's intelligence. / ", "Married men live longer than single men, but they are more willing to die.", "The midget strip club down the road is hiring, they must be short staffed. / ", "Tequilla probably wont fix your problems but it's worth a shot. / ", "The wife insists we need more garden furniture. Not sure if I agree. I'm on the fence.", "I\u2019d like to help you out. Which way did you come in?", "Is your name ariel, because I think we mermaid for each other.", "\"Your underwear is too tight and very revealing\" I said to my wife. She said \"Wear your own then, dickhead\".", "I've got a friend who's fallen in love with two school bags, he's bisatchel.", "Why did the banker dump his girlfriend? He lost interest. ", "I was gonna nail a shelf to my wall, but then I thought Screw it!", "I just made a sex tape, but I guess 'Home Alone' is already taken. / ", "If laziness was an Olympic sport, I'd probably come in fourth so I wouldn't need to walk up to the podium. / ", "What do you call a soldier who has been mustard gassed and pepper sprayed?  A seasoned veteran", "A cannibal passed his friend in the woods.", "Did you know drinking beer makes you smart? It made Bud wiser.", "Humpty Dumpty died a crack head.", "I have decided to write all my jokes in capitals from now on. This one was written in London.", "What do you call a nervous javelin thrower? Shakespeare.", "Just so everybody's clear, I'm going to put my glasses on. / ", "I couldn't open the bathroom door, so now I'm pissed. / ", "I have the body of a porn star , all of my clothes says XXX. / ", "(p + l)(a + n)=pa+pn+la+ln. We just foiled your plan.", "The every in 'everyone' is perceived differently by everyone. / ", "I wonder if the arachnophobia support group has a web site. / ", "In Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001), Nearly Headless Nick was a poorly executed character. / ", "I got in the car with my drug dealer the other day. He drove around slowly for a while, before picking up speed.", "You think living on the streets is bad? I'm from the sidewalk. Stepped on a crack and grew up motherless.", "If you wanna make someone mad, lie. If you really wanna piss 'em off, tell the truth.", "If the universe is everything, and scientists say that the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?", "63 Earths can fit inside Uranus. 64 if you relax. / ", "Bee careful, typos can sting! / ", "Last night I dreamed I was an alternator and this morning I woke up with all of my batteries charged. / ", "Jared Fogle of Subway started and ended his career the same way. Trying to get into smaller pants.", "A religious war is like children fighting over who has the strongest imaginary friend.", "Every time I go shopping, I either purchase a lot of stuff, or nothing at all. I think I'm buy polar. / ", "If 14th March was truly a Pi Day, then it would never end.", "How do you get a fat woman in bed? Piece of cake", "Keyring: A handy little gadget that allows you to lose all of your keys at once.", "Why did the little girls ice cream melt? She was on fire.", "Thought I could hear onions in the fridge singing beegees songs... Turned out it was the chives talking", "I think...therefore, I'm single.", "I am handling my porn addiction single handedly. / ", "What do you call a gay Jew? A Heblew.", "I bought a velcro strap sneakers, instead of a lace up....Why knot? / ", "12 out of 10 dentists agree someone is using bad math / ", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Ivor. Ivor who? Ivor sore hand from knocking!", "This place is so weird that the cockroaches have moved next door.", "When I fly on a jet, my ears pop a lot; it's an earry feeling.", "I've no idea why my new plug in air fresherner won't work. I plug it in and switch it on. Nothing! It just doesn't make scents.", "used to be addicted to not showering, I'm proud to say I've been clean for 2 years. / ", "The label on my biscuits said \"Store in a cool place \"So I mailed them to Samuel L Jackson's house.", "What's made of leather and sounds like a sneeze?............A Shoe. / ", "What's the difference between love and herpes? Herpes lasts forever.", "The wife asked me to get that spray that will make the curtains smell nicer. Apparently femfresh wasn't it", "I've got some racing geese for sale, let me know if you want a quick gander! / ", "I have a fear of speed bumps..but I'm slowly getting over it.", "My gambling addiction cost me my marriage! Or, as I like to think of it, won me a divorce", "Are you from Ireland? Cause when I look at you my penis is Dublin.", "Don't ever run away from your problems, unless your problem is being chased by a bear.", "With petrol prices at $3.89 a gallon, it's cheaper to just do cocaine and run everywhere. / ", "What's green and fuzzy and if it fell out of a tree would kill you? A snooker table.", "ego-fart: Flatulence forced from one's body in a pompous, self-satisfying manner, without regard to the consideration of others.", "Mom took my weed so I took her wheelchair and now, neither of us are rolling. / ", "I just found out that 'Aarrgghh' is not a real word.I can't even tell you how angry I am!", "I wonder what they called the electric eel, before there was electricity? / ", "I just saw 9 homeless people giving each other flu shots under the overpass; What a caring community we live in! / ", "My girlfriend wanted perfume and jewellery for her birthday, but I got her a chocolate egg and a toy instead. She was kinder surprised.", "Yo mama is so hairy you almost died of rugburn at birth.", "Do trains eat ? Well the do go Chew Chew / ", "Dear Vegetarian's, If you love animals so much, why are you eating all their food ? / ", "I said to the chemist: 'Can I have some sleeping pills for the wife?' He said: 'Why?' I said: 'She keeps waking up.'", "My family treats me as though I\u2019m a god, ignoring my existence until they need something. / ", "Did you hear about the cat who swallowed a ball of wool? It had mittens.", "Laugh! When people are laughing, they're generally not killing each other.", "What's the other word for synonym?", "They said a mask and gloves were enough to go to the grocery store. They lied, everyone else had clothes on. / ", "What has 12 hands, 12 legs, and 12 eyes? 12 pirates. ", "Bisexual: The ability to reach down someone's pants and be satisfied with whatever you find.", "Making another Facebook profile called Ahontas and have people poke me.", "A book fell on my head... I can't blame myshelf.", "What has four legs and goes boo? A cow with a cold.", "My wife says I'm spoken for.", "Why was the biscuit crying? Because it's mother was a wafer too long", "Why aren't iphone chargers called apple juice?", "This shout out is dedicated to all my blind followers: ... .. ... . .... ... .. ... .. . ..... ... ... . ..", "Did you hear about the magic tractor, it turned into a field! / ", "How's an online college degree like a small pizza? Neither feeds a family of four.", "I asked my gym instructor if he could teach me to do the splits.He said \"How flexible are you?\". I said \"I can't make Tuesdays\".", "My grandfather gave me some sound advice on his deathbed. He said \"It's worth spending money on a good set of speakers\"", "Two reasons why I don't drink toilet water. Number 1: Number 2", "Paddy and Mick go to London to donate sperm. It was a disaster! Paddy missed the tube and Mick came on the bus!", "The French chef commited suicide after he lost his huile d'olive. / ", "If you're not patient, you'll become one.", "I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I\u2019ll let you know / ", "Travel tip: don't pack for the weather you want.", "My dad never loved me as a child. I can't blame him really. I wasn't born until he was an adult.", "How do you drown a hipster? In the main stream", "What do you call a man with no arms and no legs, but can play the piano really well? Clever Dick", "Why do Jihadist Muslims only drink instant coffee? 'Cause they hate the French press", "lSending Postcards From A Plane Crash (Wish You Were Here).", "I think it\u2019s pretty cool how the Chinese made a language entirely out of tattoos. / ", "Someone tell Facebook that all relationships are complicated.", "My boss has a heart of gold. Or whatever metal they're using these days to make robot hearts.", "Things to do in an elevator: alone with another person, tap them on the shoulder and pretend it wasn't you", "Went shoplifting in a Disney Store. Got the biggest Buzz ever.", "Big Ben's guards look so tired because they\u2019re always working around the clock. / ", "Dating a girl from the zoo. She's a keeper.", "Who says Divine people dont have a sense of humor, they made me didn't they?", "I'm not ignoring you, I'm pretending you're dead.", "We went from playing doctor as kids to airport security as teenagers.", "When they say, \"What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas,\" they're talking about your money. / ", "You're getting old, when Happy Hour means Nap Time. / ", "What's the difference between chopped beef and pea soup?\nEveryone can chop beef, but not everyone can pea soup!", "Why can't you trust atoms? Because they make up everything.", "I took my tomcats to get neutered today. No hard felines.", "I see Boomerangs are making a comeback.", "Knock, knock. Who's There? Impatient Cow. Impatient Cow wh...Mooooo!", "I think I have AD, which is like ADHD only I\u2019m not as sharp. / ", "What do you call the kid who finally stands up to the bullies? An ambulance.", "I can tell that my skincare jokes have made you cry because of how moisturiser.", "Bono and The Edge walk into a bar, the barman says, \"Not U2 again!!\" / ", "The woman next door keeps flashing me from her upstairs bedroom window.I've no idea how she got the car up there though.", "My son 'Qwertyuiop' eventually forgave me when he realised how satisfying it is to type his own name. / ", "Do you smoke pot because weed be cute together", "What do you call a leper in a hot tub? Stu", "Why do Jewish men get circumcised? Because Jewish women can't resist anything 25% off.", "My mate is a professional jester, but he's currently out of work. He's nobody's fool!", "Breaking News Adam Johnson is set to sign for Man United, after hearing they have players Young, Blind and Keane.", "Dead men are simple very cool.", "Paddy in Wetherspoons: \"How much is your lager?\" Barman: \"\u00a32 a pint and \u00a37 a pitcher\" Paddy: I'll just have a pint, fuck the photo.\"", "What's the difference between a tornado and a divorce in the south? Nothing. Someone's losing a trailer either way.", "My horse will only come out of its stable when it gets dark. It's becoming a night mare. ", "I wasn't stealing, officer, in just wasn't shopping traditionally.", "I just gave my cat some 7UP. Now he's got 16 lives.", "What's big, grey and doesn't matter? An irr-elephant.", "Why don't monsters eat clowns? Because they taste funny!", "What did Santa say to the hooker? \"Fuck the chimney, I'm cumming down her throat!\"", "You can't tell puns to kleptomaniacs because they take everything literally / ", "My boss thinks of me as a verb.", "What do you call a singing laptop? Adele.", "One guy asked another: \"Have you ever gone to bed with an ugly woman?\"\nHis friend replied: \"No, but I've woken up with plenty.\"", "What did one saggy boob say to the other? We better get some support or people are gunna think we're nuts.", "What do you call a sick eagle? Illegal.", "I went to Waterstones and asked the woman for a book about turtles. She asked \"hardback?\" and I was like \"yeah, and little heads\".", "Why did my\u00a0wife\u00a0cross the road?\u00a0To get back to the first shoe shop we went in three fucking hours ago.", "The car mechanic handed the bill to the man and said,\" think of it this way, you came in with a junky car and came out with an expensive one", "In what Californian city can you find waffles buried at the beach? Sandy Eggo.", "What was the victim of the car crash wearing? A Casual-Tee", "I bought some shoes off of a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with but I've been trippin all day.", "Why don't blondes have elevator jobs? They don't know the route.", "Have you seen the new film called Constipation? It hasn't come out yet.", "\u202aWhen someone says \" 9 out of 10 forest fires are started by humans\", all I here is, \"There is a bear out there that knows how to use matches.\"\u202c / ", "Why is twelve an unfair number? Because it's two against one.", "What do you call cows that have a sense of humor? Laughing stock.", "What kind of moron invented the fire blanket? Surely fire is warm enough already?..", "Justice is a dish best served cold, because, if it were served warm, it would be justwater. / ", "What do the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common? They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons.", "When someone calls me ugly, I get super sad and hug them, because I know how tough life is for the visually impaired.", "They need to change the national bird to Kentucky Fried Chicken.", "How many men does it take to open a beer? None. It should be opened by the time she brings it.", "What's the difference between boy scouts and Jews? Boy scouts always come back from camp!", "My father died of exhaustion after winning the Tour de France,I told him not to do a lap of honour...", "Why did the leper fail his driving test? He left his foot on the brake.", "I haven't had a single drink all day. They've all been doubles. / ", "A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere.", "When MW3 was released in Iraq, they called it Sims.", "\"You're like a coin.\" ... \n\"Awwww, valuable?\" ... \n\"Nope, two faced\"", "What animal has two gray feet and two brown feet? An elephant with diarrhea.", "I love the word 'frequently', I try to use it as often as I can. / ", "The band whose music really helps me fall asleep is Bed Zeppelin / ", "At any given moment, the urge to sing, \u201cThe Lion Sleeps Tonight\u201d is just a whim away, a whim away, a whim away. / ", "Electrical Engineers do it with less resistance.", "We'll never run out of maths teachers.. because they keep multiplying.", "In the pursuit of becoming a household name, I'm now called 'Carpet.' / ", "In America, police dogs are K9. In Korea, they are E10. / ", "It's very risky when you butt dial somebody and they pick up, because then it's your ass on the line. / ", "Chuck Norris is a stupid actor! if he was a good actor he'd come over and slap my head on the keyknadjndbndkndbjdknskodokdnsnmanbsjdo", "I just watched the entire P90X series and didn't lose a single pound. What a scam!", "PENICILLIN..... For the woman who has everything. / ", "Tried to catch a handful of fog today.... Mist. / ", "I asked my girl what she wanted for Christmas this year, and she said \"Surprise me\"... So I phoned her from Hawaii.", "My mate has swallowed some Lego. The doctor's aren't too worried, but he's shitting bricks.", "Tickling: Like being raped, but you're forced to laugh.", "If you want to contact a dead Italian, use a Luigi board. / ", "I can't help being lazy. It walks in the family.", "Why did God give women vaginas? Because sheep can't cook.", "Today I took a class on castration It was all neuter me", "I swallowed some Tippex last night. I woke up this morning with a massive correction.", "Need an ark to save two of every animal? I noah guy.", "If you rearrange the letters of \u201cpostmen\u201d, they get really pissed off. / ", "Satoshi / My name is Satoshi Nakamoto, i'm black and i'm proud.", "Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time. I think I've forgotten this before.", "What does a lion use to help it drill? A roar plug.", "To err is human, to forgive is divine. \nIn other words, the forgiving is somebody else's job.", "My friend asked me if the new Star Wars was in 3D. I said, yes, but they R2D2.", "What do you call an Iraqi with a sheep under one arm and a goat underthe other? Bisexual.", "I'm a social vegan. I avoid meet.", "I saw this bloke chatting up a cheetah, I thought \"he's trying to pull a fast one\".", "I told my wife she'd look better with her hair back. She was furious!I guess it was wrong to say that to a woman who's gone bald.", "I was wondering if anyone could tell me which channel I could find the Women's\u00a0FA\u00a0Cup\u00a0Final on? I've already checked cooking and comedy...", "Twitter has saved me from a terrifying keeping-my-thoughts-to-myself addiction.", "What do you call a woman sat under a cow? Pat.", "What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? Snowballs", "Can you believe that my neighbor knocked at my door at 2AM!? Luckily, I was up playing my drums.", "I thought I'd lost my dog in London at the weekend. Turns out he was just outside Barking.", "Why did the alien leave the party? Because the atmosphere wasn't right.", "My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.", "The main ingredient in hand sanitizer is paranoia.", "My favourite three things are eating my family and not using commas. / ", "I\u2019ve made a website for depressed tennis players, but the servers are currently down. / ", "Women are like fine wines. You can get them cheaper if you go abroad.", "lJoin the Army, meet interesting people, kill them.", "I used to be an archaeologist. But my career ended in ruins.", "Why was the computer tired when it got home from work?Cos it had a hard drive.", "I'm going to buy some velcro for my shoes instead of laces. Why knot?", "Without nipples, boobs would be pointless. / ", "The easiest way to tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile, is to pay attention to who who you see later, and who you see in a while. / ", "I think my baby frog is eastern European. It's a tad Polish", "Just turned on the TV to see Sydney and Tokyo have already started celebrating the New Year. Fucking idiots, it doesn't start until midnight", "A girl just told me I've got a huge ego... I think she means cock.", "If towels could tell jokes they would probably have a dry sense of humor.", "If there's one thing I can't stand, it's intolerance.", "I was coming back from Canada, driving through Customs, and the guy asked, \"Do you have any firearms with you?\" I said: \"What do you need?\"", "Life is like a bubble bath. All fun and games till till you get some in your eye.", "Clones are people two. / ", "Yo mama\u2019s so fat, the Hogwarts sorting hat placed her in Waffle House. / ", "Every year for Christmas I ask Satan to cure me of my dyslexia. / ", "How do you make a squirrel cry? Grab it's nuts.", "Why did the book get stitches? Because he had his appendix removed. ", "Childhood is like being drunk. Everyone remembers what you did, except you.", "I've got my first Gamblers Anonymous meeting tomorrow. I rang them today to check the time. It's ten to one.", "What do you call a joke without a punchline? / ", "Did you hear about the fire at the circus? It was in tents!", "My window cleaner was banging on my window shouting and swearing. I thought to myself: he's lost his rag.", "Today I'm just not going to flirt with disaster, I'm going to give it an orgasm. / ", "I don't struggle with anxiety, it comes to me naturally / ", "What's green and got wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels. / ", "You know what I hate? Someone who answer their own questions!! / ", "Mrs has run off with the milkman. Seeing them drive away on his milk float was the worst two hours of my life.", "Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world's population.", "When I'm bored, I call sick into places I don't work, today I'm getting written up at Ross.", "It is very simple to be happy, but it is very difficult to be simple. --", "I work as a waiter. The pay isn't great but I put food on the table.", "I hate it when I'm on the treadmill and my hand accidentally hits the stop button and I get off and eat a bacon sandwich.", "What's the difference between a girlfriend and a wife? 45 pounds.", "As a wheat farmer, I keep having these strange headaches, but my doctor insists it's just my grains. / ", "I can\u2019t remember the last time I smelled Chloroform. / ", "Why did the CIA torture the Russian wasp?  Because he was a cagey bee agent.", "When Sting retires, will he change his name to Stung?", "I\u2019m forever disappointed that a group of squids isn\u2019t called a squad / ", "I forgot to wear pants to my meeting with my psychiatrist and he said \"I can clearly see your nuts\" / ", "My wife broke up with me recently because I'm a compulsive gambler. But I intend to win her back.", "People say laughter is the best medicine, so instead of\nGetting a flu shot, you can just look at my bank balance.", "Miss piggy goes to the doctors;\"Doctor why is it that every time I have my ladies week, I end up with a frog in my throat?\"", "The ceiling isn\u2019t my favorite part of the house, but it\u2019s definitely up there. / ", "I work for the NHS dealing with moving patients between different areas of the hospital..It's a re-warding job.", "A customer was buying condoms at work today. I asked if he'd like a bag? He said, \"No, she's not that ugly.\"", "A painter billed me $0 after finishing painting my house. I asked, why $0? He said: \"don't worry about the paint, it's on the house.\"", "How do football players cool down during a game? They stand near the fans.", "The inventor of throat lozenges has died. There'll be no coffin at his funeral.", "Tired apostrophes risk falling into a comma.", "Recent survey: 43% of people admitted to tixting wylst droving.", "How are an Arkansas Tornado and an Arkansas divorce the same? Somebody's gonna lose a trailer.", "When my wife accused me of being way too self-important, I nearly fell off my throne. / ", "What did the fly order at the restaurant? A number 2.", "When I was younger and my priest told me that I was the prettiest boy he'd ever seen, I was touched. / ", "I come from a long line of Conga dancers.", "You can't spell advertisements without semen between the tits. / ", "My girlfriend kept going on about how much she loves drunken holiday sex.. Worst postcard ever!", "The new milk tray man from Liverpool, has been sacked after one day on the job. He delivered the chocolates, but left with a PS4, ipad and TV.", "Games that involve throwing a 2 kilo circular object as far as possible have no place at the Olympics. Discus.", "Did you hear the joke about the deaf guy who walked into a bar? no! neither did he...", "I hate all this terrorist bollocks! Gone are the days when you could look at an unattended bag on the tube and think, I'll fucking have that!", "How does a dog catcher get paid? By the pound.", "Stealing someone's coffee is called mugging. / ", "Who's in charge of the hankies? The handkerchief..", "What do you call a person who delivers Indian food? Currier.", "Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.", "There should be a children's song called \"if you're happy and you know it, keep it to yourself and let your dad sleep\".", "I think that bargain shopping is undervalued. / ", "Went to a fancy dress party last night dressed as a loaf of bread. The birds were all over me.", "Why don't jews eat pussy? It's too close to the gas chamber", "It isn't any wonder why I've got intimacy issues, considering that my mother was the first woman who ever stood me up. / ", "My friend keeps telling me to stop impersonating butter. I can't, I'm on a roll now. ", "What do I get when I pour my Root Beer into a square mug? Just Beer.", "Will Smith really looks like that guy from Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.", "\"I before E except after C\" is unscientific. / ", "I've been in love with the same woman for years. If my wife finds out, she'll kill me!", "My friend told me that he can sleep while standing, but I know he's been lying. / ", "I used to hate straight angles, but then I did a complete 180. / ", "Once upon a time I accidentialy smashed my face in the keyboard and wrote the 5th Twighlight book.", "There's one place I can't stand.... My local ice rink. / ", "If a star fell for every time I thought of you, the sky would look just as it does now.", "Did you hear about the pizza boy who wanted to become a comedian? His jokes were cheesy, but his delivery was amazing!", "Give a man a duck, and he'll eat for a day. Teach a man to duck, and he'll never walk into a bar. / ", "When life gives you melons, you might be dyslexic. / ", "Time and Tide wait for no man, but time always stands still for a woman of thirty.", "Did you hear about the constipated accountant? He couldn't budget.", "My grandad always told me as one door closes, another one opens....lovely guy......awful submarine pilot / ", "I can give you one vegetable joke about onions. But that's shallot.", "Advice to ice skaters: You can't always tell a brook by its cover.", "What's red and invisible? No tomatoes.", "Did you hear about the man who enjoyed having sex with fruit? Some people say he's not too weird, but I still think he's fucking bananas.", "TIL if you cross a sheep with a goat, you get a geep, I kid you not. / ", "When a mechanic has a one night stand, he nuts and bolts / ", "I saw a woman wearing a t-shirt with \"Guess\" on it. I said \"Implants?\"", "I went to the local zoo but all that they had was one small dog. It was a Shih Tzu.", "My uncle has been doing a lot of composting lately, mainly since I buried him in the garden. / ", "What happens if you get scared half to death twice?", "I remember the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket... \"How far do you think I can kick this bucket?\"", "'THE PILL.'....... The second best thing a woman can put in her mouth to avoid pregnancy. / ", "Might not be a rapper but my shirt says XXL / ", "Prison walls are never built to scale. / ", "I asked the greengrocer for a bag of onions. He gave me one and said that's shallot.", "What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass.", "My boss said he's going to fire the employee with the worst posture. I've got a hunch it might be me.", "If Watson isn\u2019t the most famous doctor in the world, then Who is. / ", "People like you are the reason we have middle fingers.", "Why do people have hot water heaters? If the waters hot, why heat it?", "Going to the hospital in an ambulance means that you are on the road to recovery. / ", "What do you call Postman Pat on the dole? Pat", "It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do. / ", "Torc is screwed up.", "Just heard an inmate with a stutter died in prison before he could finish his sentence. / ", "I'm so hard to kill if I'm laying in a pool of my own blood and get stabbed thats just a hole for the blood to come back in faster / ", "Marriage is the only war where you sleep with the enemy.", "Don\u2019t you hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious? / I do. It's well-nigh as atrocious as answering your own question.", "If you're here for the yodeling lesson, please form an orderly orderly orderly orderly queue. / ", "Walk into the building like whaddup I got a oh no I'm so sorry wrong building please continue with your funeral God bless", "Why did the Mexican push his wife off the cliff? Tequila!", "Who knew setting a mosquito free would bite me in the ass. / ", "Wanna hear a joke? Sleep. I know, I don't get it either", "The devil was in heaven then went down to georgia / ", "The shovel was a groundbreaking invention. / ", "What does a Mexican put under his carpet? Underlay, underlay.", "I hated my job as an origami teacher..Too much paperwork.", "Do you want to know how to make an idiot wait? I will tell you later.", "I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.", "As if it wasn't bad enough being Dyslexic, now I've got the Racoon Virus. / ", "My friend told me that I just don\u2019t understand irony, which was ironic because we were at a bus stop at the time. / ", "Is it too optimistic to buy a 2021 calender ? / ", "I am not responsible for what my face does when you talk!! / ", "At the barbers today, I asked to have my hair cut like Tom Cruise, so he gave me a cushion to sit on.", "My life is a party. I\u2019m not at it / ", "What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta", "I saw a transvestite wearing a miniskirt and thought \"that shows a lot of balls.\" / ", "I have horrible luck. The only girl in the world for me is my adopted sister.", "Very few things upset my wife. So, it makes me feel rather special to be one of them.", "Chubby Checker was obsessed with his wife\u2019s weight. / ", "I was going to do a joke about a germ, But I wouldn't want to spread it around.", "How do you get down off an elephant? You don't. You get down off a goose.  ", "If you throw a cat out a car window does it become kitty liter?", "What do you call an Alien who eats too much cheese, egg yolks and animal fat? An extra-cholesterol.", "Why did Hitler commit suicide? Because he got his gas bill.", "This day will long be remembered as one of the least memorable days in history. / ", "A paper cut is a tree's last revenge.", "It's a sad day today my best pal died of heartburn. I still can't believe Gaviscon.", "Every new McDonald's creates 40 jobs. 20 dentists and 20 heart surgeons!", "If you ain\u2019t massaging your fruits you ain\u2019t doing it right / ", "We live a society where obesity is uprising and skinny jeans are a fad. Please help me.", "What do you call a woman with one leg shorter than the other? Eileen.", "Why do rooms filled with married people always seem so empty? Because there's not a single person in there. #marriage", "Yo mama is so old she farts dust.", "Teachers know when you are texting. I mean, are you really looking at your crotch and smiling?", "Love: Nature's way of tricking people into reproducing.", "I think the Discovery Channel should be on a different channel every day. / ", "I'm not saying my wife's a fat bitch. But I've had to put an energy-saving bulb in the fridge.", "Most people think that t-rexes can't clap because they have short arms, but really it's because they are dead / ", "My daughter asked \"Why is the soap in the shower hanging on a rope?\"\u00a0I replied \"Because it has seen your mother naked.\"", "Bad decisions=good stories.", "Ernie, would you like some ice cream? Sherbert!", "I hate conspiracy theories and actually think there's a group of people creating them just to annoy me. / ", "My new years resolution is to remember...umm...", "Failure is not an option. It is a privilege reserved only for those who try.", "Contact Jack for any Hacking Deal (Proof Provided) / Contact Jack, He is always ready to render his services, hire him and he won't disappoint you. He can help hack into any device, social networks including- Facebook, Hangouts, I messages, Twitter account, Snapchat, Instagram, tracking, surveillance footage, Grades hacking, Credit card top ups, Clearing any form of record, etc. \n\nPI: Specialized in exposing cheating spouse, The demand for hacking is very high these days and there are lots of people who want to know how to hack their Spouse Phone and other smart phones without them knowing just to prove their infidelity and as well find out about their cheating acts. Catch a Cheating Spouse by Hacking their Phone Remotely.\n\nContact: jackadamsxx2@gmail.com", "If you have sex on a boat. Is that considered off-shore drilling?", "When I go big-game hunting, my weapon of choice is the remote.", "Standards are for fussy people. / ", "Just had a steering wheel removed from my penis. It was driving me nuts.", "What's the worst animal to play cards with? A cheetah. Because it'll rip your face off.", "I just got a hair cut. Now I'm thinking about getting all the others cut too.", "Being a professional sky diver really has its ups and downs. / ", "What did one math book say to the other? Man, I have problems. ", "I saw a clown doing sit-ups. Funny how things work out.", "Why do so many people on Facebook take pictures of their mirrors?", "What do you call a parrot under an umbrella? Polly unsaturated", "The best underwear jokes........... are brief. / ", "Moses was the first person to use Control-C as a shortcut.", "I'm terribly proud of my ballsack and love to show it off.....Some people think I'm egotesticle. / ", "Do they have reserved parking for non-handicap people at the Special Olympics?", "I was hanging with a group of friends this morning when I realised.. I probably shouldn't have joined a suicide cult.", "Hard work will never hurt you as long as you watch it from a safe distance. / ", "No one I ask seems to be able to tell me what idk stands for. / ", "Why was the mortgage sad? Because it was a loan.", "So I was at work at a conference call eating Cheetos without muting the mic. This is what I've always dreamt work would be.", "Marriage is like a hand grenade, remove the ring and the house is gone. / ", "What do you do to a chemist after they die? You barium.", "Why did the bacteria cross the microscope? To get to the other slide.", "How did Rihanna find out Chris Brown was cheating on her? She found another women's lipstick on his knuckles.", "It was my lack of knowledge in Greek Mythology that led to my Athletes Elbow / ", "6:30 is the best time on a face clock..Hands down!", "The only time you would ever would want to wear a vegetable costume is in a gladiator stadium full of carnivores", "Never challenge Death to a pillow fight unless you're prepared to handle the reaper cushions. / ", "A survey was conducted into why men like blow jobs: 10% liked the feeling, 12% liked the dominance, 78% liked 20 minutes of fucking silence.", "What If Aliens only abduct crazy people BECAUSE no one will believe them?", "My wife is temperamental. 50% temper, 50% mental.", "What do you call a wolf that swears? A swear wolf", "Burnt my Hawaiian pizza today. Should have put it on aloha setting.", "I never thought I'd lose my job as a psychic. / ", "Maybe I'm just ignorant. I don't know.", "What do you call a can opener that doesn't work ?.......Can't opener. / ", "I ended up in jail the other night and the guys across from me had glued themselves together. It was very con-fusing.", "My mate has a butler with a missing left arm, serves him right.", "Lad asks Granny \"Have you seen my pills,they were labelled LSD?\" Granny replies \"fook the pills, have you seen the dragons in the kitchen?!\"", "I accidentally left an apple outside my local GP's surgery.Now he won't be able to get in.", "Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have any children? Because every time his wife gets hot he beats her with a shovel.", "Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.", "one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they are okay, its \nYou", "I like my women like I like my whiskey, Twelve years old and mixed up with coke.", "I'm so old, I can go through a whole day without taking a selfie. / ", "Have you heard about those new alphabet hand grenades? If one of those goes off it could spell 'disaster'", "\"President Bush is going to visit the Vatican. He says he's looking forward to meeting the Pope and Mrs. Pope.\"", "Bad becomes good when worse happens.", "Steve Irwin died how he lived, with animals in his heart. / ", "You can't call it Viagra anymore! Copyright law! You now have to use it's proper medical name. Mycoxafloppin", "Loves the time of year when things that blow up are legal.", "Why can't Barbie get pregnant? Because Ken comes in a different box.", "What happens if Pinocchio says 'My nose will now grow'?", "Why am I the only one naked in this gender reveal party? / ..", "My doctor has a great sense of humour. He leaves me in stitches.", "Instead of getting married again,\nI'm going to find a woman\nI don't like and just give her a house.", "How do you pick up a smokin' hot Jewish girl? Broom and a Dustpan.", "It happened!!! I finally got laid......... OFF. / ", "Why is Jesus bad at crossword puzzles? Because he gets stuck on across and can't get down either", "I occasionally enjoy having my steak undercooked, but that's rare.", "A police recruit was asked during the exam, \"What would you do if you had to arrest your own mother?\" He said: \"Call for backup.\"", "Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds pretty awesome if you don't know what either of those things mean. / ", "My doctor told me I had high blood pressure, I took this news like I do everything else. With a pinch of salt.", "Despite removing all the stains, I still lost my job as a Church window cleaner. / ", "Keeping tropical fish in your home has a calming effect on the brain because of the indoor fins. / ", "If people still need the voicemail announcement to tell them how to leave a message, I don't want to talk to them, anyway. / ", "Keep death off the roads.  Drive on the pavement.", "I hope baby oil doesn't come from where it says it does..", "What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear", "Why do bad farmers make good DJs? Because they've got sick beets!", "Why can't ghosts make babies? They have hollow weenies!", "What did the rug say to the floor?Don't move, I've got you covered.", "Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 8 9.", "If dentists make all their money from bad teeth, why should we use toothpaste that 9 out of 10 dentists recommend. / ", "LOL has gone from laugh out loud to there's nothing left to say.", "Persuaded my wife to smuggle coke through customs by sticking it up her arseI didn't know I could buy another can in the departure lounge", "My Grandma died on her 100th birthday. It was a real shame as we were only half way though giving her the bumps.", "I read quantum physics magazines for the particles. / ", "My brother got hit by a bus and had both of his legs amputated. Now he's my Half-Brother.", "The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades. / ", "Radioactive halibut will make fission chips.", "What doesn't belong? Lobster, crab, tuna, or a Chinese man run over by a bus? Tuna. All others are crustaceans", "How do you make an octopus laugh? You give it ten tickles.", "Decaffeinated coffee is like a hooker that only wants to cuddle.", "My family are worried about my addiction to dot to dot puzzles. It's ok though, I know where to draw the line", "I thought they were giving out wigs for free but apparently you have toupee. / ", "My doctor told me to drink a glass of wine after a hot bath..but I couldn't even finish drinking the hot bath!", "Whiteboards are truly remarkable / ", "1643, the cold air balloon is invented, but it doesn't really take off. / ", "What lies at the bottom of the ocean and quivers? A nervous wreck. ", "Depression: Anger without enthusiasm", "I just opened a kitchen cupboard and loads of Omega 3 capsules fell on my head. I'm alright though, just some superfishoil injuries.", "If Jesus was real why do they call it the \"crucifixion\" and not the 'crucifact' / (Credit to u/viv3k_)", "Going to church doesn't make you any more Christian than standing in a garage makes you a car.", "The problem with political jokes is they always get elected.", "What's the difference between Santa Claus and a jew? Santa goes down the chimney", "What do you call a mexican with a rubber toe? Roberto!", "I love deadlines, / I like the whooshing sound they make when they go by\n\n\n\n- Douglas Adams", "A Sultan's wife is called a Sultana, but only if she's his currant wife. / ", "Irony: working for an aluminum company and getting canned.", "Why do horses have such a low divorce rate? Because they're all in stable relationships.", "How many Polacks does it take to change a light bulb?Just one, but you need 6000 Russian troops in case he goes on strike!", "The fight we had last night was my fault. My wife asked me what was on the TV and I said dust.", "Apparently, when you go to donate blood it\u2019s supposed to be YOUR blood / ", "What's blue and looks like a bucket? A blue bucket. What's red and looks like a bucket? A blue bucket in disguise.", "Answering Machine: \"Hi! I'm probably home. I'm just avoiding someone I don't like. Leave a message. If I don't call back, it's you.\"", "It has been such a long time since I've thought longer than 140 characters.", "Unemployment jokes don't work / .", "- Why does an elephant have 4 feet?  Because 8 inches isn't enough", "If women ruled the world there wouldn't be any wars, just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.", "I'll tell you what I love doing more than anything: trying to pack myself in a small suitcase. I can hardly contain myself.", "I've been single for so long now, when somebody says to me, 'Who are you with?', I automatically say: 'Vodafone'.", "I smoke weed in all kinds of weather, but, I just dont in hail. / ", "Last night in bed, my wife said we should try some role reversal. So I said I had a headache.", "I dig, you dig, we dig, he digs, she digs, they dig. It's not a beautiful poem, but it's very deep.", "What do you call a bunch of high Mexicans? Baked Beans", "Why couldn't anyone hear Helen Keller scream? She was wearing mittens.", "A Chandler fan is called a chandelier / ", "What stands in a field and goes \"Oooooh!\"? A cow with no lips.", "If Catwoman ever decides to visit Nepal, what would Catman do ? / ", "Why do gorillas have big nostrils? Because they have big fingers.", "I don't know why the boss calls it a week's wages when it only lasts for a day.", "When do S and C sound the same? When it's necessary. / ", "A Pessimist is just an Optimist with previous experience.", "Patient: 'Doctor, I can't stop singing Sexbomb, sexbomb.' Doctor: \"you've got Tom Jones disease.\" Patient: 'is it common?' Doctor: \"It's not unusual.\"", "Why did the banana go to the hospital? Because he wasn't peeling well.", "My wife walked out on me after I blew our life savings on a penis extension..She said she just couldn't take it any longer.", "My extra sensitive toothpaste doesn't like it when I use other toothpastes / ", "Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing", "I asked God for a bike, but then I realised God doesn't work that way..So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.", "What do you do if a blonde throws you a grenade? Pull the pin and throw it back.", "I'm currently writing a mystery novel. Or am I?", "Whats small red and whispers? A hoarse radish.", "Where would you park your camel? The Camelot.", "How easily you're offended is directly proportional to how dumb you are. / ", "i only use lower case letters because i hate capitalism / ", "I was going to nail a shelf to my wall, but then I thought..Screw it!", "Bought myself a universal remote control last night. This could change everything..", "Sometimes I use long words I don't fully understand. To try and make myself sound more photosynthesis.", "Last week I bought a fridge magnet. They really work. So far I've got 11 fridges.", "Why is Pingu's dad always ironing when none of them wear clothes?", "pirate walks into a bar and barman says\" you have a steering wheel In your pants\"the pirate said:Argh and it's been driving me nuts all day", "Why can't you fool an aborted baby? Because it wasn't born yesterday.", "Why is money green? Because Jews pick it before it is ripe.", "How do you make a woman blind? Put a windshield in front of her.", "I was addicted to the Hokey Pokey, but I turned myself around. / ", "Why do cows lie down together when it rains? To keep each udder dry.", "I wanted to learn how to drive a stick shift, but I couldn't find a manual. / ", "Messi deserves better. SMH / Barcelona won't have breakfast today cuz they 8-2 much yesterday.", "Moving to Australia really turned my life upside-down. / ", "I've been sleeping with my girlfriend and her twin, but luckily I can tell them apart. Her brother has a moustache.", "I saw a poor old lady fall over today on the sidewalk! At least I presume she was poor - she only had $1.20 in her purse.", "What do fat girls and bricks have in common? They both get laid by Mexicans.", "Describe yourself in 3 words / LAZY", "\u201cThere are no words in the English language that have all the vowels in alphabetical order,\u201d he said facetiously. / ", "My mate just lost both hands in a horrible accident. I can't even begin to imagine how he feels.", "Always follow your dreams. Except for that one where you're naked at work.", "Ngl, ham hitting the floor kinda slaps / ", "What can think the unthinkable? An itheberg.", "If you think you are having a bad day..just remember one day somebody is going to have Snooki as a mom.", "I started carrying a knife after an attempted mugging a few years ago. Since then, my mugging attempts have been a lot more successful.", "\"Doctor Doctor, I keep thinking I'm a cat.\" \"Oh really, how long have you felt like this?\"\"Ever since I was a kitten.\"", "Why does everybody have to generalize? / ", "The way to a man's heart is through his stomach. Unless he's a Vegetarian. Then you can get there through his vagina.", "Bosses are like slinkies. Never fun unless you seem them fall down the stairs.", "Alzheimer's isn't so bad - you meet new people every day. / ", "Does the Little Mermaid wear an algebra?", "I don't understand how crows can fly so straight when there's so many crow bars around.", "When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading.", "Why don't they have gambling in Africa? There are too many cheetahs.", "My son just got a pull-up bar and is feeling a little weak. I told him to keep his chin up.", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Radio. Radio who? Radio not, here I come!", "PARACHUTE FOR SALE! As new, unopened - small red patch", "What do you call a hooker who likes noodles? A Pastatute", "People have told me that I'm very doubting, but I'm not so sure. / ", "How does Darth Vader know what Luke Skywalker has got for Christmas? He felt his presents.", "Why do ghosts enjoy riding in elevators? It raises their spirits.", "I'm always afraid my wife will leave me for a midget because he under stands.", "What do you call a wrestler in a hurry? The overtaker.", "Help the police - beat yourself up.", "Where do astronauts go out for a drink? To the spacebar.", "I like my puns like I like my sausages. The wurst ones are the best.", "Paying rent is like hitting a snooze button on being homeless.", "I slept like a baby last night.... Waking up every 3 hours crying for food.", "It has been said that we only use 15% of our brain. I wonder what we do with the other 75%?", "Do special ed teachers mark late students as tardy?", "When I got home from work I joined all my watches end to end to make a belt. What a waist of time!", "Many people write congrats because they don't know how to spell conglashulashions. / ", "After giving my son two karate lessons, he said he didn't want any more. Still, at least I got my car washed and my fence painted.", "You know I can see 6 years into the future? I have 2020 vision.", "If a stork brings white babies, and a blackbird black babies, what bird brings no babies? A Swallow.", "I don't mean to be pedantic, but does anyone actually have the 'Ghostbusters' number?", "You feel stuck with your debt..If you can't budge it.", "I hate double standards. If a girl sleeps with loads of guys she's considered a \"slut\". Yet if a guy does it he's considered a \"homosexual\"", "So glad I don't have to  hunt for food. I don't even know where sandwiches live.", "I used to be a heavy drinker, but then I lost some weight / ", "I love how babies always look drunk, even after only one beer. / ", "If you have a bee in your hand what do you have in your eye? Beauty. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.", "I hate it when my neighbor's kids cry at night. Maybe I should give them back.", "When girls say \"let's just be friends\" it's like your mom telling you that your dog died but you can still keep it.", "My friend overdosed on weight loss pills. He just, vanished. / ", "What do tight pants and a cheap hotel have in common? No ballroom.", "I was talking to my mate earlier when I thought to myself, \"Why on earth are you called Earlier?\"", "I did not fight my way up the food chain to be a vegetarian.p162", "I couldn't repair your breaks, so I made your horn louder.", "What does Arnold Schwarzenegger call a colonoscopy? A Cameron Diaz #SayItOutLoud", "\"What do cannibals like to eat on St. Patrick's Day? Corn Beef and Cabbage Patch Dolls!\"", "The worst part of censorship is ***********", "Did you hear about the two radio antennas that got married? \nThe wedding was terrible, but the reception was excellent!", "I broke up with this cross eyed girl. I thought she was seeing someone else.", "why dont vampires bite divorced MEN? beccause they have already been drained dry..", "What's black and white and red all over?  An embarassed zebra.", "I'm so lazy, I won't even listen to music, incase I'm moved by it. / ", "If tomatoes are fruit then isn't ketchup actually a smoothie?", "I fell in love at first sight...I probably should have looked twice.", "Gonna ask my mum if that offer to \"Slap me into next year\" is still on the table ? / ", "I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.", "What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast.", "FYI: Condoms are cheaper than diapers.", "How many Carl Sagans does it take to screw in a light bulb? Billions and billions.", "Two cows in a field, one says \"moooooooooooo\". The other cow says \"Damn.. I was gonna say that!\"", "A Mexican magician tells the audience that he will disappear on the count of three. Uno, dos... then *poof* he disappeared without a tres!", "I like putting notes on peoples windshields saying I smashes their car and did an amazing job fixing it.", "My two Mexican buddies were playing basketball with each other. I called it a Juan on Juan tournament.", "10 things you will never know about me: \n1-", "I don't trust stairs... they always look like they're up to something. / ", "Life is like a roller coaster, and I'm about to throw up.", "What's the difference between a mailbox and an elephant's asshole? You don't know? Remind me not to give you a letter to mail.", "Walking past the prison and saw a midget climbing down the wall. He glared at me. Said to my friend \"That's a little con descending\"", "I just saw on the news'Missing girl found safe'What I wanna know is..Could she crack it?", "Do locksmiths count as key workers? / ", "I want to tell a joke about Steve Jobs, but won't because it's not PC.", "How can you spot the blind guy at the nudist colony? It's not hard.", "Who's the coolest person in a hospital? The ultra sound guy.", "The happier Asian's get, the less they can see.", "I would be the funniest man alive if I had no morality.", "My fortune telling business did about as well as I predicted. / ", "My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where she is.", "You know that tingly feeling you get when you like someone? That's common sense leaving your body.", "You hear about the two guys that stole a calendar? They each got six months.", "What's the last thing that goes through a fly's mind when it his a windscreen? It's arse!", "I've discovered I have a logic fetish, I just can't stop coming to conclusions. / ", "When I die, I want to be cremated. I think I've urned it. / ", "Don't waste $50 grand on your wedding, buy a Lexus instead - it'll outlast your marriage anyway. / ", "Have no kids? \nHire a babysitter anyway, \nsay kid is asleep upstairs and not to be woken. Return home and ask where your child is.", "A prostitute wanted \u00a350 for sex. I don't mind waiting though, she said she's free tomorrow. / ", "Why does Noddy have a bell on his hat? Because he's a twat.", "\"What did the cat say to the dog. You're purrrrfect!\"", "If life gives you melons you might be dyslexic / ", "Do you know why Frequency cannot love any more? Cause it still hertz.", "The world's full of apathy, but I don't care.", "My calculator is missing the minus button but, on the plus side, it still works.", "Why do old men have such bad language? They do \"cross\" words.", "My dentist is a miserable fellow, always looking down in the mouth.", "Japanese scientists have created a camera with a shutter speed so fast, they can now photograph a woman with her mouth shut.", "I absolutely hate my mother-in-law. She's actually quite a nice person, but she brought my wife into the world.", "What if soy milk is just regular milk introducing itself in Spanish?", "I once asked a pretty homeless woman If I could take her home. She said yes, but you shoulda seen her face when I took her box!", "My reality check bounced.", "If corn oil is made from corn.. and vegetable oil is made from vegetables.. what is baby oil made from?", "One of my friends is a really hardcore raver. She keeps trying to make me rave with her, and she won't techno for an answer.", "Your intelligence is my common sense.", "I used to be indecisive but now Im not so sure / ", "Why did the monkey fall out of the tree? Because he was dead.", "Words cannot express how limited my vocabulary is.", "If I had a $1 for every failed maths exam, I'd have $3.45. / ", "\"Why did the fat guy say to the midget? Don't be short with me or I'll eat you!\"", "My bank balance is sick, I hope it gets better soon!", "As a wise man once said, \"Don't quote me on this.\" / ", "In-flight meals are all lies before takeoff. / [OC]", "My roommate's diary says I have boundary issues.", "I told my wife I lost 10 lbs in one hour. \"No way. That's impossible!\" she said. \"Trust me,\" I said, \"I have no idea where our baby is.\"", "It's crazy how sexist the postal service is. I guess that's natural with such a mail dominated industry.", "What do you call a Frenchman that's been attacked by a bear? Claude ", "Sean Connery found his niche. She was in the garden playing with his nephew.", "For just $10 a month, You can reduce your annual salary by $120.", "Instead of a hammock, it should be called the nap-sack", "A 9 year old girl has vanished after using a revolutionary new cream which makes you look 10 years younger. / ", "Did you hear about the angry pancake? He just flipped.", "My hugely-fat teacher was talking about the issue of obesity in America. Talk about an elephant in the room.", "Click the 'Start' button to Shut Down the computer.", "Isn't it great to live in the 21st century? Where deleting history has become more important than making it.", "You can tell Monopoly is an old game because there\u2019s a luxury tax and rich people can go to jail. / ", "A watched pot never boils is bullsh*t, I know - I've seen it. / ", "It cost me \u00a35 to put air in my tyres yesterday! Oh well, that's inflation for you.", "Wife to husband: \" our neighbor is wondering if he could borrow his mower\"", "I'm thankful for my fingers because I can always count on them. / ", "An old lady in front of me dropped $20 and I thought, \"What would Jesus do?\" So I turned it into wine. I bought wine.", "I'm happy. Don't ruin it by talking to me.", "What happens to lawyers after they die? They lie still.", "Your girlfriend is rated E: for everyone.", "I want to open a barber shop in the hood and call it Gang Bangs. / ", "To steal from one is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.", "Just checked my bank account, looks like the kids are getting a hug for Xmas. / ", "Here\u2019s to being single \u2013 drinking doubles \u2013 and seeing triple!", "My wife asked me to help her with her diet....So, I've hidden her teeth. / ", "I asked God for a bike, but then I realised God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.", "What do you call an angry German? A sour kraut.", "I took the mother in law out the other night. I love being a sniper.", "I told my girlfriend I had a job in a bowling alley. She said \"Tenpin?' I said \"No, permanent.\"", "On my recent visit to the seaside I spent ages trying to figure out how to use the arcade machine. Then the penny dropped.", "My shoulders are so close to my elbows that they\u2019re thinking about opening joint accounts. / ", "A bossy man walks into a bar and orders everyone a round. / ", "When a women says 'What?' it's not because she didn't hear you. Shes giving you a chance to change what you said.", "I got my wife the leg off a mannequin for Christmas. It's not her main present..just a stocking filler", "A doctor was getting really tired of so many people self diagnosing and medicating, she started to become short on patients. / ", "Two lorries carrying playing cards have crashed. Police are dealing with the incident.", "Did you hear about the cross eyed teacher? She couldn't control her pupils.", "Got a new aftershave called bread crumbs! The birds love it!!", "If there's one thing that makes me throw up its a dartboard on the ceiling!", "I had some time to kill..So I started with the mother in law.", "Today I went to toilet without my phone. There's 178 tiles in the bathroom.", "New Year's Resolution: 1: Buy a padlock. 2: Find a person with Tunnel plugs( holes in their ear). 3: Lock it onto their ear. 4: Run.", "Mary has 24 cupcakes she eats 9 at lunchtime, then she eats another 6 at dinner time. What does Mary have now? Diabetes", "Tomorrow, I'm going to open up the time capsule I made when I was a kid. I can't wait to see how big my puppy is.", "The words \u201ccultural\u201d and \u201cappropriation\u201d were taken another language. / ", "I have the attention of a goldfish. It's been staring at me for a few minutes now.", "My brother says I need to stop quoting Run-D.M.C., but it's like that, and that's the way it is.", "I've made loads of money selling my version of Polo that don't have a hole in the middle.I've made an absolute mint.", "I think we consider too much the good luck of the early bird and not enough the bad luck of the early worm.", "What does the sign of an out of business brothel say? Beat it. We're closed.", "Remains to be seen if glass coffins will be a success. / ", "What do you call a guy with no arms or legs. On the floor? - Matt. In the sea? - Bob In a hole? - Phil", "They say you\u2019ll never go hungry at the beach because of the sand, which is everywhere. / ", "Here's to love - the only fire for which there is no insurance.", "How can you tell if your wife is dead? The sex is the same but the dishes pile up.", "What's better than roses on your piano? Tulips on your organ.", "People are usually shocked when they find out I am not a good electrician. / ", "Last night I saw a fat lad chatting up a fat girl. She turned him down though. She was worried he was just trying to get into her Snickers", "I've just been house hunting. One place had mirrors covering the walls of every room. I thought.. 'I can see myself living here'", "Word to the Women: It ain't the clothes that make you fat.", "If I had a dollar for every time I've been told I'm racist, black people would try to rob me. / ", "I've heard a rumour that Cadburys is bringing out an oriental chocolate bar? Could be a Chinese Wispa.", "I\u2019ve been off my OCD meds for 7 months, 12 days, 3 hours and 52 minutes / ", "Don't look now, but there's one too many in this room and I think it's you.", "I think my local dry cleaners can repair my trousers, or at least sew it's seams.", "Without the big bang nothing matters / ", "Drive carefully! Remember, it's not only a car that can be recalled by it's maker.", "Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends? Because he's married.", "People make a resolution to lose weight.  I make a resolution to not take photos of myself. Problem solved.", "Never have unprotected sex with a cannibal. next thing you know, you'll have a baby in the oven.", "I was walking by a car filled with black people. They locked the door when i came near. I felt like a bad ass until I realized it was my car", "You're telling me I need to study? No thanks, I'll pass.", "Whoever called it 'Dentures' really missed an opportunity to call it ' 'Substitooths'. / ", "I arranged a pessimists meeting today, it wasn't a great turn out. The room was half empty.", "My favorite outdoor activity is going back inside.", "Our ice cream man was found slumped in his van, covered with hundreds and thousands. Police say that he topped himself.", "Did you hear about the red ship that crashed into the blue ship? All of the sailors were marooned.", "I put a wooden desk and a blackboard in my living room. I wanted to make it look more classy.", "My friend tells me I am too lazy to think for myself. What's he mean?", "It doesn't matter how good you get at tennis, you'll never beat the wall. / ", "I'm making a show about two detectives who solve crimes over the phone. It's called Star Key and Hash.", "I used to have a job as a drill operator. It was well boring.", "Beer doesn't make you FAT, it makes you LEAN....Against walls, tables, chairs, floors, and ugly people.", "What do you call a boat that gives fresh breath? A Shipmint! ", "My girlfriend said my brother is ugly, I typically wouldn't mind, but we are identical twins.", "Here's a FedEx joke - actually, you'll get it tomorrow", "\u201cThe reason grandchildren and grandparents get along so well is because they have a common enemy.\u201d", "My girlfriend kicked me out of the house because of my bad Arnold Schwarzenegger impression but don't worry, I will return. / ", "A boy w/ diarrhea tells his Mom he needs Viagra. She asks \"Why do u need that\" He says \"That's what u give Dad when his shit won't get hard\"", "You should know you'll get loud when you start drinking. It says right there on the label, \"Alcohol by volume.\"", "Wife said \"if u get a tattoo make sure u have it done in a place that doesn't matter\" So I'm off to Norwich...", "I tell you what I love doing, trying to fit a small suitcase. I can hardly contain myself.", "I thought my vasectomy would keep my wife from getting pregnant. But apparently it just changes the color of the baby.", "I can't believe rattlesnake warnings are called rattles and not cautionary tails. / ", "Did you see the Broadway musical about the dictionary? It's a play on words. ", "I came into some money the other day, the cash register was really sticky after. / ", "What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say about the baritone? It's not a tuba.", "Being sick can really affect your grades in school. The kid my son cheats off of was out all last week.", "Recent Sperm Bank Review: \"I love coming here\"", "I Have faith in fools. In my friends' cases, they call it self-confidence.", "Tell me why you've taken a vow of silence. / ", "Did you hear about the two bed bugs who met in the mattress? They got married in the spring.", "Best career advice... Become a contortionist. They're flexible. / ", "I learned so many new phrases while attending university, like \u201chyperbolic functions\u201d, \u201cbinary fission\u201d, \u201cfailed exam\u201d, \u201cretaking courses\u201d, \u201clast chance\u201d, \u201cself medication\u201d, \u201cseething depression\u201d and \u201csuicide hotline\u201d. / ", "I had to call the Elvis impersonator hotline yesterday. Got told to press; 1 for the money 2 for the show", "My last wish with the genie was either for a brilliant memory or a huge penis. I forgot which one I chose.", "I have a bumper sticker that says 'Honk If You Think I'm Sexy' so I just sit at green lights until I feel better about myself! / ", "My wife told me to stop self-cannibalizing, so I threw up my hands and left / ", "I won't rest until I find a cure for Insomnia!", "I'm thinking about going on a vegetable diet but, I'm not sure about the wheelchairs. / ", "It hurts when someone you really love, says mean things to you, like \"Its time to get up.\" / ", "Whats blue and not that heavy ? Light blue. / ", "Why is it called PMS? Because mad cow disease was taken.", "Need experience for job. Need job for experience.", "\"I have multiple personalities,\" said Carl, being frank. / ", "I hired a fat guy to be my exercise partner, but... He just didn't work out / ", "Why can't you borrow money from a midget? Because they're always a little short!", "When I was little, my dad gave me a bat, but the first time I played with it, it flew away. / ", "I ate a ploughman's lunch the other day. He wasn't very happy.", "I'm apathetic, but I don't care.", "I asked the judge to shorten my sentence and he interrupted me / ", "Ladies, if your man is willing to give you the Moon and the Stars, the least you could do is sacrifice Uranus.\ud83c\udf1c\ud83c\udf1a\ud83c\udf1b / ", "I participated in an anal sex competition and came in turd. / ", "The chances of you dying on the way to get your lottery tickets are greater than your chances of winning.", "I just wrote a really awesome song about a fajita. Well it's more of a wrap really.", "What's big, grey and makes you jump? The elephant of surprise.", "I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.", "Yo Mama is so fat it takes 3 warlocks to summon her.", "How much does a pirate pay for corn? A buccaneer.", "What's the difference between pink and purple? The grip.", "What do you call a leper in a hot tub? Stew.", "If you see your friend Jack on an airplane, don't say Hi to him.", "Coughing has finally overtaken speaking Arabic as the most taboo thing to do in an airport. / ", "What's the difference between light and hard? You can sleep with a light on", "What country does fried fish swim in? Greece", "What's the difference between a Penis and a paycheck? After five years your Wife will still blow your paycheck.", "The three fastest means of communication: Telephone, Television, Twitter and tell-a woman.", "Never get stuck behind the Devil in a Post Office queue! The Devil can take many forms.", "My mate walked into Carphone Warehouse, held the manager at gunpoint and made her top up his mobile phone for free.Full credit to him!", "Why did the mechanic sleep under the car? He wanted to get up oily in the morning.", "Cleavage - It's like the sun. It's okay to look, but dangerous to stare.", "Russian roulette is my favorite game / One day my English teacher had a warm up and asked \"what your favorite game that isn't a video game or sport\", all the kids said Uno tag, THEN came me, I proceeded to say Russian roulette is my favorite game the teacher paused for a good 5 seconds then the whole class proceeded to laugh then the teacher said that's not appropriate and said  She gonna call my Mother.", "A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.", "I have a phone interview tomorrow. What are some good questions to ask a phone?", "The good news is that I dethatched the lawn. The bad news is thats all the lawn is made of.", "I cant think of any boat jokes. Canoe?", "The only reason I go the extra mile is because I missed my off-ramp. / ", "Someone stole my mood ring. I'm not sure how I feel about it.", "lI fight for what I believe in. I am a mercenary, and I believe in money.", "Mary and Joseph. Now they had a stable relationship.", "The downside of being a bomb disposal technician? It takes me six hours to open my Christmas presents.", "Why did the ghost go into the elevator? To lift his spirits. ", "\"Sorry, I already have a boyfriend\" / Is he bulletproof?", "What's pink and slippery? A slipper.", "You can't be jailed for incorrect grammar, you won't complete your sentence properly. / ", "Birthdays are good for you; statistics have shown that people who have more of them live longer. / ", "I was pulled over by the police... \"Have we been drinking sir\" \"No\" I replied. \"I don't remember you buying me a pint\"", "I hosted a party for people who struggle to reach orgasm but nobody came. / ", "A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it. / ", "What did sushi A say to sushi B? WASSA-B!", "The last time I was involved in sexual intercourse... I was a sperm. / ", "My friend couldn\u2019t afford their water bill so I sent them a get well card. / ", "Two inmates escaped from prison, one is 6'9 the other is 3'4. Police are hunting high and low.", "Every time I see a possum laying in the middle of the road, with its guts scattered all over the pavement, I think to myself, \"Damn, now there's a true master of their craft.\" / ", "\"Tits or Arse man?\" I was asked. I really should have got in there earlier when they were giving out super hero names.", "I arranged to meet someone last night for some No Strings Attached fun.. I was bitterly disappointed when Pinocchio turned up.", "I hate being bipolar. It is awesome.", "If all else fails, lower your standards.", "Foot fetishists never want to win anything, because they like the taste of defeat. / ", "A dentist and a manicurist married. They fought tooth and nail.", "Donald Trump is what happens when you tell a child all his ideas are special. / ", "My wife said I only ever want sex with her when I'm drunk. That's not true. I usually want a kebab aswell.", "I'd rather have a mustache than a baby.", "How can a room full of couples be empty? There isn't a single person left. ", "Is it just me or does anyone else want to be a window cleaner in Amsterdam?", "The door to an insane asylum is tricky business. On one side you have a bunch of psychopaths willing to destroy the world for their own selfish pleasures, and on the other side an asylum. / ", "2 Thai birds asked me to join them for a threesome. It was just like winning the Lottery. We had 6 matching balls.", "Did you hear about the poker player who lost his arm and got a prosthetic replacement? He's finding it hard to deal with.", "What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.", "I would h8-2 be a Barcelona fan right now / ", "Imagine a keepy uppies champion kicking themselves. / ", "I just saw a great documentary about how ships are kept together. It was riveting!", "I just dropped my iPhone in the bath. It's syncing.", "Do NOT open any emails from Hormel Foods - It might be SPAM / ", "Sometimes pain is just nature's way of telling you that you're the nail instead of the hammer.", "All you need to win a \u201cScariest Tarantula Contest\u201d is an empty box. / ", "I only got a C++ in programing class... / ", "Tampax have announced that they will be replacing their traditional tampon string with tinsel. This will be for the Christmas Period only.", "Just past my English exam.", "I broke up with a Japanese girl last week. I had to drop the bomb twice before she got the message.", "I have a degree in art--you want fries with that?", "I've got 22 notches on my bedpost. It's not easy trying to stab somebody in the dark.", "My girlfriend from Thailand said having a small dick is no problem. I really like her, but I think I'd still prefer it if she didn't have one.", "You can't run from your problems forever. Eventually, you'll have to take a car or a plane.", "An optimist is someone who falls off the Empire State Building and after 50 floors says, \"So far so good!\"", "Did you hear about the Scottish Kamikaze pilot? He crashed his plane in his brother's junkyard.", "What gym equipment does Jesus use? A cross trainer", "The amount of people who confuse 'to' and 'too' is amazing two me.", "Why have elephants got big ears? Cos Noddy won't pay the ransom.", "Don't you just hate it when you go scuba diving, you're at 10 metres and you realise your dive master is a satanic devil worshipping racist. / ", "This Fibonacci joke is as bad as the last two you heard combined. / ", "My wife broke up with me recently because I'm a compulsive gambler. All I can think about is how to win her back.", "Elleene Polley, inventor of the TV remote, has died. He shall be buried underneath the sofa cushions.", "I hate helping people. I think I'll get a job at Apple.", "Gravestones are a thing of the passed. / ", "A man gets the words \"I LOVE YOU\" tattooed on his penis. His wife tells him \"Quit putting words in my mouth!\"", "What sexual position creates the ugliest kids? Ask your parents. ", "I remember when my parents died, all they left me was a globe.. It meant the world to me.", "A dark skinned lady named Betty goes to the butcher and asks for some beef. The butcher replies: \"Nooooo Black Betty, ham or lamb!\"", "Why did the Eskimos have to stop partying? Because they ran out of Natural Light", "I don't know why this bottle of whiskey tastes so good, but I'm going to get to the bottom of it.", "If someone is 10% Polish, does that make them a tad pole? / ", "Why do banks charge you a \"non-sufficient funds fee\" when they already know you don't have any?", "Harry heard that most accidents happen within two miles of home. So he moved...", "My mother told me there were some cuties in the fridge. I got all excited, ran to the fridge and opened the door. But all I saw were oranges", "Where do hippos go to school? The Hippocampus ", "An old lady at the bank asked if I could help her check her balance. So I pushed her over.", "Eargasm: climax of ear's pleasure, usually when listening to music. \"Dude! I totally just had an eargasm man!\"", "Why do people take years to write a novel when they can buy one for a couple bucks?", "Knock, Knock. Who's There? Boo. Boo Who? No need to cry it's just a joke", "I've just been assaulted by a troupe of mime artists. They performed unspeakable acts on me!", "My problem of constantly dropping things is really getting out of hand. / ", "I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.", "How many immature people does it take to change a light bulb? Your mum.", "What do I do when I'm too attractive ? Oops, meant to google ;)", "Whats the worst thing about manufacturing tabletops? It's counterproductive", "How many Vietnam veterans does it take to change a lightbulb? YOU DON'T KNOW MAN, YOU WEREN'T THERE!", "Well if that ain\u2019t a raccoon calling a opossum a long nosed son of a bitch / ", "What does DNA stand for? National Dyslexia Association.", "Got some new underwear today, well, to me.", "Did you hear about the goth kid with dyslexia? He sold his soul to Santa.", "Why do pencils shave? To look sharp.", "I used to own a motorcycle shop, but I had to sell it. I was always two tired.", "What's Gordon Ramsay's favorite movie? IT'S FUCKING FROZEN", "I saw a girl texting while driving and it really pissed me off, so I rolled down my window and threw my beer at her.", "How does the man on the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.  ", "I promised my wife the earth today. But gave her the life and electrocuted her.", "I earn my income taking care of horses, it\u2019s nothing special but it\u2019s a stable job. / ", "\"We need to talk\", thought the caveman. / ", "I tried sniffing coke once..and got an ice cube stuck up my nose.", "Why do squirrels swim on their backs? To keep their nuts dry!", "My doc advised me to wash my pupils, but it's not like eye care. / ", "What happened to the two ants who got into a fight on a toilet seat? They got pissed off. ", "My girlfriend is pi\u00f1ata. I dont think things are gonna work out cause guys keep hitting on her.", "The best time to start thinking about your retirement is before the boss does.", "I went bobsleighing last night. I killed 15 people called Bob.", "If you want your children to listen, try talking softly - to someone else.", "- What's the difference between chicken and meat?  If you beat your chicken it  would die", "Today is an incredible day for mankind.. for today I will rewrite history. history.", "My girlfriend got mad and told me that I treat her like a child, so I gave her a sticker for standing up for herself. / ", "Drink wine....Its not good to keep things bottled up. / ", "So what if school doesn't teach us how to get a job or raise a family? At least I know the whole periodic table of elements!", "I was playing rugby the other day and thought I'd scored a goal. But everyone just said nice try.", "I love Ebay....I sold my homing pigeon 8 times last month. / ", "Three sperm whales have been found on the beach at Skegness. Or as they're also known, local lasses.", "My girlfriend left me because she says I only ever think about football. I'm gutted, we'd been together for nearly three seasons.", "If it's till death do us part, we are all single in heaven right?", "My wife just left me because of my obsession with cricket. It's really hit me for 6.", "Once I beat up the school bully with a baseball bat. Both his arms were completely broken, which is what gave me the courage to do it.", "Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.", "How do you fix a massive violin? Chellotape", "What do you call a singing computer? A Dell. / ", "What do you get when you cross a joke and a rhetorical question?", "For those who have run out of toilet paper and are using the napkins stashed in the glove box, make sure they weren't used for eating hot wings. / ", "To become a successful doctor you must have a lot of patients.", "Friends. S05 E16 11:29 / ", "The better the vacuum, the more it sucks. / ", "How can you get four suits for a dollar? Buy a deck of cards.", "If anyone has any advice on how to deal with plastic surgery gone wrong, I'm all ears / ", "Hear about the cross-eyed teacher? She just couldn't control her pupils.", "Did you hear about the Muslim Party? It was a blast.", "I was in bed with a blind girl and she said that I had the biggest penis she had ever laid her hands on. I said, \"You're pulling my leg.\"", "I told my cat I was going to teach him to speak English. He looked at me and said \"Me how?\"", "I failed my audition as Romeo through a misunderstanding over a stage direction. My copy of the script said: 'Enter Juliet from the rear'", "I was told I had Type A blood but later discovered it was a typo. / ", "My wife accused me of being a transvestite. So I packed her things and left.", "I\u2019m a scientist researching bestiality between humans and dogs, so if any of you have any questions for me, you'll find me in my lab. / ", "Did you hear the one about the three deep holes in the ground? Well? well? well?", "The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.", "I was short on cash, but I needed to get some brickwork done, so I hired a Freemason. / ", "\"Why did the bread cross the road. Because it was yeasty!\"", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Tuna. Tuna who? Tuna violin.", "FFS, I have just accidentally swallowed one of my cats worming tablets, don't ask meow !! / ", "Where do you find a zebra? 25 letters after A, bra.", "Do gay midgets come out of the cabinet? / ", "What do we want? Another question! When do we want it? Thanks!", "Someone says \"you look familiar\" respond with \"oh yeah I do porn\" / ", "What do you call a girl who sets fire to her credit card statements? Bernadette.", "What happens when you give a politician Viagra? He gets taller. ", "What do you call a man who can't stop stealing? Nick.", "\"The Constant Book Reader\" By Paige Turner", "A guy walked into a bar. He got a light concussion.", "Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes.that way, you are a mile away from them, and you have their shoes.", "I have issues when it comes to comic book subscriptions / ", "Anyone know how long it takes this Axe body spray to get you swarms of girls? I've been drinking this stuff for weeks now.", "Whenever I look at Medusa, I can't help but get really hard. / ", "What is a Woman's favorite book? A checkbook.", "Did you hear about the paper boy? He blew away.", "I'm terrified of skipping ropes, bungees and trampolines. They make me jump.", "Just got back from the dentist. He said my teeth are great, but my gums need to come out. / ", "I don't go to The doctors because they Insist their profession is called a practice.", "Quasimodo goes to the pub and says \"Scotch whiskey please\". Barman says \"Bell's alright?\" Quasi says \"Mind your own business\".", "Things got heated at a dinner party when some guest claimed that RHCP were far-less seasoned artists than the Spice Girls. / ", "People who enjoy anal sex are fucking assholes / ", "If Melania passes away from COVID-19, does Ivanka automatically become FLOTUS? / ", "- / ", "My wife told me to prepare our ginger son for his first day at school. So I beat him up and took his dinner money off him.", "For some reeson, I've never yet won a gaim of Skrabel !!! / ", "A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.", "My neighbors loved the music so much when I turned it up, that they invited the police to listen.", "When I told my patient his plastic surgery was free of charge, the look on his face was priceless / ", "Someone told me I should learn the definition of procrastination, i'll probably do it tomorrow. / .", "I've just got back from a friend's funeral. He died after he was hit in the head by a tennis ball. It really was a wonderful service.", "Why did Sepp Blatter cross the road? To get to the other bribe!", "What's a foot long, made of leather and sounds like a sneeze? A shoe", "\"A father is someone who carries pictures where his money used to be.\"", "My friends and I experimented sexually in high school, I was the control group. / ", "My answering machine: Roses are red, some willows weep, please leave your message, after the beep.", "How can you tell my parents are abusive? Beats me", "The stall stall: In public bathrooms, the act of remaining in a bathroom stall after having completed one's business, to maintain anonymity", "I'd love to have a job cleaning mirrors. It's something I could really see myself doing.", "What do you call a man with a car number plate on his head? Reg.", "There are only 3 things that tell the truth: 1 - Young Children 2 - Drunks 3 - Leggings", "My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction, so I packed up my stuff and right. / ", "Scored a job as an accountant. My new nickname is 'The Thought'.", "Went to the Ice Cream Van and asked for a 99. The Ice Cream Man asked if I wanted hundreds and thousands? I said 'no thanks mate, just the one'", "Ketamine - just say neigh.", "Did you hear about the magic tractor? It turned into a field.", "It took me a long time to figure out I'm a slow learner. / ", "Why are four legged animals bad dancers? Cos they have two left feet.", "My coworker keeps showing me pics asking if I've seen her baby. I told her it's been two years and she's not going to find them", "If you don't want the government listening to your phone calls, put your phone on silent. / ", "An insect flew into our kitchen last night, flew around and then exploded. I think it was a jihadi long legs.", "What is the difference between a dog and a fox?About three drinks.", "You've seen one shopping centre. You've seen the mall.", "Why'd the idiots at Microsoft buy Skype for over $10 million dollars when they can download it for free?", "What's the hottest part of the sun? Page 3", "\u2014\u2014\u2014 / ", "Ancient Chinese Proverb: Man who run behind car get exhausted.", "Sign posted in a bathroom: We aim to please! You aim too! Please!", "Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly.", "When I saw my sister crying, I asked, \"Are you having a crisis?\" / ", "I really need to finish my essay on the wind..At the moment it's little more than a draft.", "My ex-wife believed marriage should be between a man, a woman, her mother, her sisters, & the neighbors across the street.", "The share button on reddit should be called spreddit / ", "When we talk to God, we're praying. When God talks to us, we're schizophrenic.", "I wanted to marry my English teacher when she got out of jail, but apparently, you can\u2019t end a sentence with a proposition. / ", "What do you call a Mexican that lost his vehicle? Carlos", "I've decided to take the day off today. From now on it will simply be known as 'To'", "I have a drinking problem. If Jake has 5 beers and Dan has 4\u2026", "Just won gold at the national weather forecasting championships....I beat the raining champ. / ", "Why did the Aggie spend all night in front of the house of ill repute? He was waiting for the red light to turn green.", "I take steps to avoid lifts.", "If someone offers you a Cockor Spaniel, I suggest you just take the Spaniel. / ", "DNA editing was invented by Gene Hackman / ", "If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a linking verb is.", "We always called my grandad Spiderman. It's not because he had any superpowers, he just couldn't get out of the bath.", "I just saw some idiot at the gym put a water bottle in the Pringles holder on the treadmill. / ", "Some Idiots says, \"Behind every successful man, there is a woman\" But nobody knows the fact \"Women go only behind the successful men\".", "How do you turn a Fox into an Elephant? Marry her.", "What do sea monsters like to eat? Fish and ships", "To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.", "The brain is a wonderful organ:  it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school.", "I like to think of myself as a bit of a perfectionalist. / ", "A suicide bomber says to his apprentice: \"Watch carefully I can only do this once!\"", "Whilst having sex I suddenly stopped and didn't move. Wife said 'What are you doing?\" I said I've seen this on PornHub it's called buffering.", "I like self-deprecating humor but I\u2019m not very good at it / ", "There was a fight in the chippy last night! Two fish got battered.", "Iasanamericanhavediscoveredanewwaytobelazyandthatisusingnospacebar.", "Did you hear about the new Mike Tyson computer? It has two bytes and no memory", "What's the difference between a hamburger and a prostitute? A hamburger is better with cheese.", "I've been searching for my stolen bed for three days! I won't rest until I find it.", "Clownfish keep their friends close, but their anemones closer. / ", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Adder. Adder who? Adder big breakfast this morning.", "I put deodorant on only one armpit. I don't smell half bad.", "The smallest amphibian in the world is......my newt. / ", "I married my wife for her looks...but not the ones she's been giving me lately!", "Having erectile dysfunction can\u2019t be that hard / ", "How does Stephen Hawking recover from a hangover? He presses F5.", "What do terrorists do on vacation? They go waterboarding.", "It really sucks when your vacuum doesn't suck / ", "Walking the dog in the cemetery and I saw a man crouching behind a headstone. I shouted 'morning!'He replied 'no mate, just taking a shit'", "What is it called when I pay people off not to call it bribery?", "Someone threw a piece of cheese at me in the supermarket, I didn't think it was very mature.", "I said to the doctor \"Can you give me something for my liver?\" So he gave me a pound of onions.", "When the judge sentenced me to death, I tried to high five him, but he just left me hanging. / ", "Paying for cat food is for pussies / ", "It's impossible to surprise a snowman because it has ice in the back of its head. / ", "I'm always willing to put in more hours at work, specifically lunch hours.", "Never get behind the Devil in a Post Office queue..For the Devil has many forms.", "Correct punctuation: the difference between a sentence that\u2019s well-written and a sentence that\u2019s, well, written. / ", "Fool me once , shame on me. Fool me twice, shame on thee. Fool me 8 times , you're probably a woman.", "Want a girl to fall in love with you? Use a thesaurus for a replacement of those lane words like cute and beautiful . It's working for me!", "To spell panda, you only need P and A. / ", "I got fired from my job as a taxi driver because it turns out, my customers didn't like it when I tried to go the extra mile. / ", "How many people in denial does it take to change a light bulb? There is nothing wrong with the light bulb!", "If you need to start a fire by rubbing two sticks together, make sure they\u2019re the same because then, you\u2019ll have a match. / ", "Saw a psychic yesterday but after 30 mins of her constantly laughing at me I punched her in the face. I always like to strike a happy medium.", "My wife is going to the hair salon today. For the next few hours I'll be practising my reaction.", "If you don\u2019t pay your exorcist bill, will you get repossessed? / ", "I'm a sea of feelings. I am an emocean. / ", "Our kids always find their Christmas presents early, no matter where we hide them.So this year we've locked them in the attic..", "Two interesting facts about me. 1) My knob is the same length as 2 Argos pens. 2) I'm banned from Argos.", "Never realised until today, that Karl Marx's sister Onya, invented the starting pistol.... / ", "I wonder if Michael Jackson looks like he did in Thriller, yet ? / ", "My girlfriend left me because of my fetish for touching pasta. Now shes gone im feeling cannelloni right now!!", "When Dad died I vowed not to follow in his footsteps, I'd take a different path. In fact I'd avoid minefields altogether.", "Super Bowl: 30 second clips of men running in between commercials", "Being poor makes no cents. / ", "The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself \"This changes everything\".", "A man in a pub asks for a pack of helicopter-flavoured crisps. The barman says \"Sorry mate, we've only got plane\"", "Childproof your house as much as you want, they still get in. / ", "I Googled 'Welsh porn' and found EweTube. / ", "I've just bought a load of cheap Harry Potter DVDs. They were only a Quidditch.", "Smoking may shorten your lifespan. But it will lengthen your lunch break.", "Sorry I haven't tweeted today. Justin Bieber's new album is out tonight, been standing in line all day to jump off Golden Gate Bridge.", "It turns out Britain cannot leave, but Theresa May. / ", "How do you pronounce tomato? Is it tomato or tomato?", "My 50 year kindergarten reunion is coming up soon and I\u2019m worried about the 175 pounds I\u2019ve gained since then / ", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Hawaii. Hawaii who? I'm fine thank you Hawaii you?", "What is Mr T's favourite yoghurt? Petit Filou", "I've been hard at work all day. I had no idea viagra lasted so long!", "Hugs are soft CPR to keep the heart beating. / ", "What is E.T. short for? He has really small legs", "Toothpicks are domesticated splinters. / ", "Man goes into a chip shop with a salmon under his arm. He says \"Got any fishcakes?\" \"No sorry\" \"Awww that's a shame it's his birthday\"", "I was playing chess with my friend when he said \"let's make things interesting\", so we stopped playing chess.", "Things are always easier said than done..Except for talking, that's pretty much the same really.", "How do you make a Pirate angry? Take away the P", "Describe yourself in three words. 1) Lazy 2) 3)", "Yo momma jokes are old, common and used by everyone.\n\nJust like yo momma.", "Why didn't the skeleton go to the party?Because he had no body to go with.", "Why do you never tease a fat girl with lisp? Because she's thick and tired of it.", "Broken Quiz Machine For Sale: No questions asked.", "Just had a mole removed from my penis. It's my own fault for shagging moles.", "Kinstipation: the painful inability to get visiting relatives out.", "I was just awarded a trophy for laziness. All I need now is for someone to accept it on my behalf.", "2 dyslexics are in a kitchen. One says to the other \"can you smell food?\" The other one says \"I can't even smell my own name!\"", "Two of my mom's sisters moved to the Alaskan wilderness so now it's a double aunt tundra. / ", "Yo Mama is so fat her BMI is measured in acres.", "My uncle was a real \u2018take no prisoners\u2019 kind of guy, at least according to the judge at his war crime tribunal. / ", "I remember 2012 like it was yesterday..", "What kind of shoes are made out of banana peels? Slippers.", "People from the east and west coasts call this part of the country \"the heartland\" so they can bypass it.", "What's worse than finding a fly in your soup?\nThis punchline", "A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.", "Hi, welcome to Fight Club. First of all, how did you hear about us?", "I was gonna go hiking in the hills with my mate Max, but he refused to go. He's a real anti-climb Max.", "Did you hear that the Dalai Lama has a gambling addiction? He just loves Tibet.", "My ex girlfriend and I would have never worked out because I'm a Sagittarius and she was a bitch. / ", "I hate those people who bang on your door and tell you how you need to be \"saved\" or you'll \"burn\". Stupid firemen / ", "How do you know Justin Bieber is Canadian? Only a Canadian could get a #1 on Billboard with a song called Sorry.", "Of course gay men dress well. They didn't spend all that time in the closet doing nothing.", "All my passwords are protected by amnesia. / ", "How does an eskimo build his house? Igloos it.", "Why are all Jewish men circumcized? Because Jewish women go crazy over anything 20% off.", "How many Bratzlaver Chassidim does it take to change a light bulb? None. They will never find one that burned as brightly as the first one.", "The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.", "What's the difference between England and a tea bag? A tea bag stays in the cup longer!", "Australians don't have sex, they mate.", "Why did Dracula's mother give him cough medicine? Because he was having a coffin fit.", "Klopp used to have the \"Yellow Wall\". Now he's going to have small pieces of red wall instead. Under his car, where the wheels used to be.", "My girlfriend changed after she became a vegetarian. It's like I've never seen herbivore.", "In light of plummeting oil prices, Exxon Mobil plans to lay off several members of Congress. / ", "What do cannibals eat to freshen their breath? Men toes.", "I have no taste in women, but beside that fact, I like you.", "I needed a password that was eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the seven dwarfs.", "When I said that I like it rough, I was talking about the sex, not the entire relationship. / ", "Learn to spell, kids. Auto Correct isn't always write.", "What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer? The taste.", "Why do sorority girls walk in odd-numbered packs? Because they can't even.", "Why do teenage girls hang out in odd-numbered groups? Because they can't even.", "Sometimes I meet people and feel sorry for their dogs. / ", "What do you call a cross dressing dinosaur? Trannysauras Rex", "I hope the guy who wants to make that million dollars so freaking bad makes $999,999.99 then gets hit by a bus. Via@amazingoneliner", "So my girlfriend told me to choose between our relationship and my career as a reporter. Well I've got some news for her.", "Why doesn't Santa smoke? It's bad for his elf!", "I don't have a short temper, I just have a quick reaction to bullsh*t.", "My recliner and I go way back. / ", "Where does Kylie Minogue get her kebabs from? Jason's Donner Van", "Recent research has shown that 6 out of 7 dwarves aren't happy.", "On holiday with my wife and I cannot believe how tiny and revealing her bikini is. The colour suits me though.", "Whats the difference between a hippo and a zippo? Ones heavy the others a little lighter.", "What did the leper say to the hooker after sex? \"You can keep the tip\"", "What do you call a man without a spade? Douglas.", "You were born as an original, don't die as a copy!", "The good thing about life is that even if you're crap at it, you're guaranteed at least two certificates.", "People say 60 is the new 40...the cop that pulled me over this morning disagreed.", "Why did the pig buy flour and sugar? He felt like bacon.", "I don't know how to act my age, I've never been this old before. / ", "Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.", "You never truly understand something unless you can explain it to your grandmother.", "I am on a battery-powered cruise ship, I can say I am on e liner. / ", "About to watch a film with my girlfriend. Can anyone recommend a girlfriend?", "Why are 490 Romans funny? Because XD", "My friend dropped his box of Italian pastries on the floor. I cannoli imagine what he must be going through.", "I told my Mum I'd made a car out of spaghetti, but she didn't believe me! Should of seen her face when I drove pasta.", "Why did Jon Snow stand in line for 6 hours at the Apple Store? For the watch", "You can make your water bed extra bouncy, by using spring water. / ", "I wonder what 'DON'T TOUCH' is in Braille?", "DAY 317 Without sex : Went jogging in flip flops, just to remember the sound. / ", "A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first thought of.", "I ran out of sick days, so now I call in dead.", "When I won the Nobel prize for inventing cloning, I was beside myself. / ", "If the world is a stage, I want to be the one operating the trap door.", "Bought my mum a fridge for Christmas. You should've seen her face light up when she opened it.", "Why did the yogurt go to the art exhibition? Because it was cultured.", "How do you know that adam and eve were white? have you ever tried taking a rib from a black man.", "What do you get when you pour scalding water down a rabbit hole? Hot cross bunnies.", "I've just started dating a librarian. She's a (book)keeper.", "Im surprised weight watchers hasn't jumped on that whole \"flattening the curve \" bandwagon yet. / ", "What do a dwarf and a midget have in common? Very little.", "Wow what a rush, I was just recognized in public! I didn't think that wanted poster was still in circulation.", "Things have got so bad in America that Africa is now preparing to stage a rock concert for us. / ", "Went to the barbers today and had a no. 2. I thought it was just a fart but I ended up following through.", "Sometimes I wonder how cattle rearers deal with difficult situations. /  Do they take the bull by the horn?", "My Doctor gave me something to treat my haemorrhoids. But personally, I'm not so sure they deserve a treat.", "Met a girl in the club last night, she said \"Take me home and I will do literally anything you want.\" Best omelette EVER!", "I decided to go to Paris on a whim, only to learn I can only get there on a plane. / ", "True house cleaners aren't just born, they're maid. / ", "A book just fell on my head. I've only got my shelf to blame.", "If you ever miss 4:20 just wait until 4:22, because 4:22 is 4:20 too. / ", "I wonder if the guy who coined the term \"One Hit Wonder\" came up with any other phrases. / ", "I got in touch with my inner self today. That's the last time I'm buying 1-ply toilet paper / ", "You don't know how much someone is worth to you, until you sell them. / ", "What has five teeth and an I.Q. of three? The front row of a Willie Nelson concert.", "The Nintendo 64 turned 18 last month, which means you can now legally blow the cartridges", "I'm sick of people lying to me. I asked three people what time it was and they all said something different.", "I once had a dog called Blacksmith. Every time i kicked it, he made a bolt for the door!", "To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office. I will find you. You have my Word. ", "Lollipop ladies. They make me cross.", "What do you get when you cross a dyslexic, an insomniac, and an agnostic? Someone who lays awake at night wondering if there is a dog", "I was recently discharged by the fertility clinic. What a relief. / ", "What has four legs and flies? A dead hamster.", "Discount handjobs, get 20% off. / ", "What do you get if you cross a traffic warden with a dog? A barking ticket.", "I bought a fake hard drive, and I didn't like it - not one bit. / ", "I just got a job as a street cleaner. No training, they said. I'd just pick it up as I went along.", "I have a bumper sticker that says, \"honk if you think I'm sexy\". I just sit at green lights until I feel good about myself.", "What do you call a man who comes in through the letter box?Bill.", "What is the difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb? You can unscrew a lightbulb.", "Taller people sleep longer. / ", " Two cans of paint got married, later the bride whispered, \"Darling, I think I'm pigment.\"", "A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.", "I was gutted when my cat drowned in the washing machine. At least he died in Comfort.", "Did you hear about those new corduroy pillowcases? They're making headlines..", "TEACHER: Now, Simon, tell me frankly, do you say prayers before eating?\n\nSIMON: No sir, I don't have to, my Mum is a good cook.", "Call me scooby / cause i can\u2019t doo this anymore", "I'm going to start a beer brand and name it Responsibly.", "I threw caution into the wind, but the wind was blowing straight back at me.", "What did Jeffrey Dahmer sing as he went to the refrigerator? My Bologna had a first name.", "It takes a lot of balls to play golf the way I do.", "If you urinate in a pair of swim goggles and strap them to your face you won't need Instagram anymore.", "Crime doesn't pay...Does that mean my job is a crime?", "A number 12 walks into a bar, The barman says \"Sorry but we can't serve you, you're clearly under 18\"", "What do a burnt pizza, frozen beer, and a pregnant girl have in common? Someone didn't pull it out in time.", "Hear about the baby with AIDS?  It never gets old", "Holocaust jokes aren't funny. Anne Frankly, I won't stand for it.", "If robbers ever broke into my house and searched for money, I'd just laugh and search with them.", "Join The Army, Visit exotic places, meet strange people, then kill them.", "Yo mama is so fat, she eats cereal out of a satellite dish.", "Did you hear about the agnostic, dyslexic, insomniac? He stayed up all night wondering if there is a dog.", "I'm about to lay waste to my toilet / ", "I don't know why I bought this new coconut shampoo. I haven't even got any coconuts.", "Renamed the router \"Hide Your Kids, Hide Your Wi-Fi\"", "How are peanut butter and jelly related? They're inbred", "I cleaned the attic with the wife the other day. Now I can't get the cobwebs out of her hair.", "How to workout your 'arsehole' name. Replace your first name with the word 'Piers' and your surname with the word 'Morgan'.", "When it comes to charity, a lot of people will stop at nothing. / ", "A man walks into a bar wearing a tie fastener. The barman says, \"Sorry, we don't like your tie-pin here.\"", "Quarantine has taught me you don\u2019t need fun to have alcohol / ", "How do you make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles ", "A man goes into a library and asks for a book on suicide. The librarian says, \"Fuck off, you won't bring it back.\"", "My Dad was behind bars for twenty years. Heck of a bartender he was.", "All medicines have one side effect in common: Reduction in disposable income.", "The procrastination club's meeting has been postponed. / ", "Someone should make a beer called Lamar so we Kendrick it. / ", "The man who invented the \"VELCRO\" died today. RIP.", "Did you hear about the elf that got pick-pocketed? How could anyone stoop so low?", "What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?\nThe wheelchair", "I told my doctor that I broke my arm in two places. He told me to stop going to those places. / ", "Why I donate sperm instead of blood? I MAKE lives not save them. And you know, other stuff.", "You laugh at me because I am different, but I laugh at you because you are all the same", "When my grandma died, I put her ashes in a trophy that said \"World's Best Grandma\". She urned it. / ", "I got fired from my job at Pepsi..I tested positive for Coke.", "Where does a dog go when he loses his tail? A re-tail store", "Yo mama is so fat, the back of her neck looks like a pack of hotdogs.", "I saw an ad that said, \u201cTelevision for sale, $1, volume stuck on full\u201d and I thought to myself, \u201cI can\u2019t turn that down!\" / ", "My wife was gang raped by a group of mimes. They performed unspeakable acts on her.", "I went to a legless disco last night. It was crawling with fanny.", "Two tampons walk down the street. Who says hi first. None, they are stuck up cunts.", "- How can you tell a Head nurse?  The one with dirty knees", "To neigh or not to neigh. That is equestrian.", "My boss hates it when I shorten his name to Dick mostly because his name is Steve. / ", "I tried on a pair of jeans from 7 years ago and they still fit perfectly. My \"eat whatever I want and hope nothing happens\" diet is working!", "I am confused, when a woman says she sucks, does that mean good or bad? / ", "Whats the difference between a fish and a piano? You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish!", "How do frogs die? They Kermit suicide.", "The only computers I trust with my women are Unix.", "Navy seals are the seals that work with the navy. / ", "A coffin, that's the last thing I need. / ", "Geology rocks, but geography is where it's at / ", "depressed people who cant find a reason to get out of bed, drink more water and the reason will come / ", "People keep telling me I've got a good head on my shoulders..I wish they'd stop pointing out that I haven't got a neck.", "When I was born I was so surprised I didn\u2019t talk for a year and a half.", "The Hawaiian Islands have many craters that were formed by volcanoes. You might say that the islands are full of ash holes.", "Did you realise that a woman's \"I'll be ready in five minutes\" and a man's \"I'll be home in five minutes\" are exactly the same?", "If mother earth had an xray, archaeologists would have a much easier time. / ", "Putting a \"bat\" on the 2020 quarter, masks awareness of Co-Vid 19 while screaming wash my hands money is dirty. / ", "I will start watching it when it's called \"dancing off a cliff\"", "Prostitutes can get fucked / ", "My escalator phobia leads me to to take steps to avoid them / I'm sure this will escalate quickly", "Why do Mexicans never cross the border in groups of 3? Because the sign says no tres-passing. ", "Giraffes are the cockiest beings I've ever met, do you know how long it takes for them to swallow their pride?"]