["I find inspirations in cooking my family and my dog. ", "I hope the pubs open soon. I need to cut down on my drinking. ", "I tried some medical marijuana, then I went home and had some medical popcorn and medical nachos. ", "Why get high when you can hit a brand new low every day? ", "Without Amazon, the entire echo-system would fall apart. ", "If you\u2019re always positive you\u2019re gonna hate your STD test results. ", "I went to see the worst faith healer ever last night who was so bad, a guy in a wheelchair got up and walked out. ", "If McDonald\u2019s sold hot dogs, could you order (with a straight face) a McWeiner &amp; tell them to super size it? ", "Any bug can hit the windshield, but it takes guts to stick. ", "Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience. ", "The tale of the haunted refrigerator was chilling. ", "There's nothing more I love than strolling to the park on a Sunday morning to play fetch with my dog. I can throw her almost 40 yards now. ", "I thought I knew the deceased camponologist, but he was just a dead ringer. ", "Hipsters burn their mouths because they are always eating stuff before it is cool ", "I hope the asshole who stole my antidepressants is happy now! ", "Rivers be dammed! ", "My fat psychic friend is a four chin teller. ", "Props to male porn stars, always hard at work ", "I walked down a street where the houses were numbered 64K, 128K, 256K, 512K and 1MB. That was a trip down memory lane. ", "I General Lee don't find Civil War jokes funny. ", "I used to ride my bike everyday,until i decided to take a brake from it. ", "C-3PO is the gold standard of protocol droids. ", "my grandpa has the heart of a lion........... now we are both banned from the zoo ", "When my new Indian girlfriend said that I could give her a facial, I nearly came on the spot! ", "If you must accuse me of sounding like a spin doctor, just go ahead now. ", "What do you get when you combine a joke and a rhetorical question? [deleted]", "I always told myself I would never fall in love with a chairlift, until one swept me off my feet. ", "I don't know if your father is alive or dead cuz I don't know anything about him ", "I just tried coffee for the first time, but to be honest, it wasn't really my cup of tea. ", "I asked a Transgender for a blowjob \"It\" sucked", "Same shit different day, unless you're a plumber. Then it's different shit same day. ", "Stayin\u2019 Alive is a very ironic Bee Gees song title. ", "some people don't like my dark humor, but i believe they are resist some people don't like my dark humor, but i believe they are resist", "I'd give my left arm to be ambidextrous ", "Who is Plagiarism and why is he in all my essays? ", "I know anagrams of \"meth\" but I don't tell anybody them. ", "When your girlfriend comes home in a white suit, smelling of honey and covered in bee stings, you know she's a keeper. ", "I spray my heels and toes with cologne because when I kick you in the face, I want you to smell defeat. ", "My wife and I were happy for 20 years, then we met ", "Yo mama so old..she still owes Jesus 5 dollars ", "NSFW If my aunt... [deleted]", "Most people are shocked when they find out how incompetent I am as an electrician. ", "Always writing my name in cursive is my signature move. ", "I'm an aphid fan of little green insects. ", "A guy at work asked me where the tea was.. I told him it's between S and U ", "Triangles are A-holes. ", "Plan ahead - It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark. ", "I went to a pet shop and put a sign saying 'chameleon' next to an empty cage. ", "We have a giant squid to catch, so let's get kraken! ", "Marriage is for suckers cuz if she wont suck it you shouldnt get married ", "A fisherman tried boxing, but he only threw hooks. ", "As I looked into her eyes, I felt my knees go weak, my stomach turned to butterflies and that's when I realized...I'd drugged the wrong glass! ", "I got a job as a human cannonball; they fired me on my first day. ", "FFS, I have just accidentally swallowed one of my cats worming tablets, don't ask meow !! ", "A man put his dick in peanut butter, he was fucking nuts. ", "If you get heartburn eating cake, try taking the candles off. ", "To get over my one true love, it's gonna take a real special woman, or, a bunch of regular ones. ", "I think there is an undercover cop at my school, the police training academy. [deleted]", "If you snag a ram named \"anagrams,\" that's some meta meat. ", "Tonight is Open Mike Night at my local autopsy club. ", "I hate autocorrect because it always makes me say things I didn\u2019t Nintendo. ", "Synonym rolls...just like grammar used to make. ", "*hiding Waldo's ashes* it's what he would have wanted ", "When she told me I was average, she was just being mean ", "Slaves should go to college, to pick up their master's degree. ", "Some catholic priests believe theres more ways for a child to get to heaven than an adult ", "One \u201cline\u201d is defined by the shortest distance from point A to point B. Any midget joke counts. ", "I think my flat mate suffers from depression. ", "The way I remember how many hours are in a day is by remembering how many episodes are in a season of 24. [deleted]", "Diarrhea runs in my family. ", "Spidermans not the only one with sticky fingers after using the web. ", "The best damn decision I've made all day was looking in the mirror and calling myself a nigger lover. [deleted]", "I made a belt out of broken watches, and it was a waist of time. ", "Is it just me or does everyone find mirrors incredibly sexy ", "Chuck Norris does not teabag the ladies. He potato-sacks them. Chuck Norris does not teabag the ladies; He potato-sacks them. ", "Why do psychics have doorbells? ", "Alcoholics De-liver! ", "If the Incredible Hulk ever inherits the mantle of Captain America, he needs to change his name to the Star-Spangled Banner ", "I asked my friend what it's like living in China. All he said was \"Can't complain\". ", "My chicken coop has two doors, because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan. ", "When cars will get AI we will be able to drive them mad. ", "I renamed my iPod The Titanic, so when I plug it in, it says, \u201cThe Titanic is syncing.\u201d ", "I like to shit with the door open because it keeps people from getting into the elevator with me. ", "Every triangle is a love triangle when you love triangles. ", "Does being blind make you a better musician or is that just Superstition? ", "Do prostitutes in the South give family discounts? [OC]\n\nalso note - I'm American and talking about America's south, which has an incest stereotype. ", "If only insomnia was more boring. [deleted]", "I know this girl who changed religions; she was traded for a prayer to be named later. ", "Artificial Intelligence is better than none ", "I am a former smoker who used to smoke. ", "Time flies like an arrow and fruit flies like a banana ", "Double negatives are a no-no ", "I can\u2019t remember the last time I forgot something. ", "Hammocks rock ", "The new dating trend for serial killers is \"Netflix and kill\". ", "I used to disapprove of hitch-hiking, but now I've decided to give it thumps up. ", "If there's one thing I learned from this pandemic, it is how to spell the word pandemic. ", "An honest Fox news anchor is a foxymoron. ", "We call childbirth delivery but wouldn't it be far better to say takeout? ", "Jogging my memory is the most exercise I am getting during lockdown. ", "In economic terms, toilet paper is a valuable commode-ity. ", "The World is $7 trillion in debt. Just exactly which planet do we owe it to? \ud83c\udf0d ", "It drives me crazy when people don\u2019t use punctuation no commas no periods no nothing ", "My married friends keep trying to set me up. I don't know where they find all these bloody gloves. ", "There is nothing to be said for ", "Inspecting mirrors is a job I could really see myself doing. ", "To all those people who said I couldn't write a joke about bukkake....ha!..... In your face. ", "I'm not a fan of cannibalism, but to eat his own ", "Eating delicious is way more fulfilling than looking delicious Id rather be fat(ish) and happy ", "As a kleptomaniac, I hate hearing jokes because I always take them literally. ", "If you work at the hospital and you're sick, should you go to work? ", "I made a newbie mistake and went shopping while hungry, so I'm now the proud owner of aisle four. ", "The thing about most people is that they're Chinese. ", "Ever since I spent my money on a set of pans, I've been potless. ", "Besides logging companies, who could get sycamore trees? ", "Procrastination would be my middle name if I stopped putting off legally changing my name ", "I asked the librarian if they had a book about Shr\u00f6dinger's cat, but she wasn't sure if they did or not. ", "I spilt spot remover all over my dog and now he's gone ", "We all know Albert Einstein was a genius, but his brother Frank was a monster.. ", "It takes a lot of balls\u2014to golf like me. ", "Not gonna tell the wife that I refuse to get circumcised, because she'll bite my head off. ", "I made love to my wife for an hour and 5 minutes last night... thanks daylight savings time! ", "2 + 2 is 4 - 1 = 3 ", "My next door neighbours made a sex tape recently. Well obviously they don't know that yet. Gary Delaney", "What I learned from Scooby Doo chase scenes was that when one door closes another one opens ", "We are neck deep up shit creek with our mouths wide open ", "America is probably the only country in the world where people need energy drinks to sit in front of a computer all day. ", "I've been singing the nursery rhyme Head, shoulders Knees N toes missing out the words .... \"And eyes and ears And nose and mouth\" #beatcoronavirus ", "What does a house wear ?.... Address ", "A man walks into a restaurant and orders a laxative to go. ", "I used to be a member of the secret cooking society, but they kicked me out for spilling the beans. ", "Did anyone see the joke I posted recently about my spine? It was about a weak back. ", "All you can do is to try. If you fail you can always catch an exception. ", "If anyone finds a black and white cat that answers to the name \"Scream\" would they please keep it. ", "Ghetti is my favorite way to end a Spa day. ", "How hilarious would it be if farts were like yawns, contagious. ", "In the year 2021, we will all have 2020 hindsight. ", "What do you it when there\u2019s terrible allergies all over the country? Pollin-nation. ", "Bullets do their job only after they\u2019re fired. Weird. ", "My therapist said I should stop referring to myself as garbage, but I REFUSE. ", "Child abuse.....That's a touchy subject. ", "Ask a stupid question and get a stupid answer but ask a smart question and get ignored ", "Ghosting: when you\u2019re so indecisive you can\u2019t even commit to breaking up with someone. ", "How many introverts does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Why does it have to be a group activity? ", "A cluster fuck sounds like an orgy where everyone gets COVID. ", "It takes deadication to be a Zombie. ", "Maybe giving my girlfriend a bag of onions for Christmas wasn't a good idea - it left her in tears. ", "I heard that people from Taiwan are impatient and aggressive because they have a Taipei personality. ", "Sherlock Holmes goes to the bathroom by process of elimination. ", "\"It's not you, it's me!!\" Twins looking at family photos. ", "I tried to quit heroin, but my attempt ended in vein. ", "If I'm ever in the situation where I have to pick my own form of execution I'm going to say \"Death by natural causes!\" ", "Nothing in my life ever works out, so why should I ? ", "For Halloween, I'm dressing up as something that's scary to every mouth: a ghost pepper. ", "Jokes about communism aren't funny unless everyone gets them. ", "In the pedophile version of Peter Pan, he doesn't lose his shadow, he loses his touch. ", "All gas is laughing gas if your on the right side of the door ", "A blue collar prostitute is a jack off all trades. ", "When the train stopped in the middle of the tracks, the conductor diagnosed that it was exhausted ", "Being a tightrope-walker is a pretty good job, on balance. ", "Two of my mom's sisters moved to the Alaskan wilderness, now, it's a double aunt tundra. ", "Some women say the way to a man's heart is through his stomach, but I say, those women are aiming just a little too high. ", "It's bad luck to be superstitious. ", "Conversations in space tend to be vacuous. ", "Science can explain miracle whip. ", "Mom used to feed me alphabet soup because she said I really liked it -- I didn't though, she was just putting words in my mouth. ", "I'm a massive overachiever; overdraft, overfed, overtired... ", "I've got a cloud of suspicion that everyone thinks I'm obsessed with the weather... ", "Want to hear a joke about paper? Nevermind it's tearable. ", "Guys who get a huge inheritance have huge willpower ", "Nothing is moore embarrassing than misspelling somethng. ", "Damn, celebs can go from being A-list to not on Z-list real fast ", "Nothing is made in the USA anymore. I just bought a TV that said \"Built In Antenna\"...I don't even know where the hell that is!!! ", "Sometimes God will send an EX back into your life, just to see if you're still an idiot. ", "What's the difference between jam and marmalade? I can't marmalade my dick in a hooker's asshole.", "Objectively, watching Trump try to President brings to mind the deeply horrifying Mary Roach audition on American Idol. ", "Well the word on the street is Stop Ahead ", "She's a lot like train tracks, she's been laid across the country. ", "Steering wheels were a great idea because handlebars don\u2019t work too well in a car... ", "I don\u2019t usually brag about my finances, but my credit card company calls me almost every day to tell me my balance is outstanding. ", "Amazon finally delivered that book about horology that I ordered - it's about time. ", "letting go might be hard, but you know what's harder? My boner for u. follow me on Instagram @fellowclown", "Design [removed]", "I wanted to marry my English teacher when she got out of jail, but apparently, you can\u2019t end a sentence with a proposition. ", "Single women can't fart because they don't get an asshole until they're married. ", "I hope actreas Jessica Biel names her first child 'Batmo'. ", "2020 days of the week... Mopeday Snoozeday Whatday? Blursday Frieday Sataday and Someday. ", "I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather, not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car ", "My buddy dared me to fart into my trombone, but I didn't want to toot my own horn. ", "What rhymes with orange...no it doesn't. ", "After I used my blunt as a smog machine my check engine light guided me home. ", "People are saying my shoes are on the wrong feet but these are the only feet I have. ", "In the morning, clouds put on thunderwear. ", "Parents put so much pressure on their kids, that they end up with crack. ", "Bad Hitler puns are inf\u00fchreriating. ", "A Freudian Slip is when you say one thing but you mean your mother! ", "Gaskterrakakorrhaphiophobia is a fear of pronouncing Gaskterrakakorrhaphiophobia incorrectly ! ", "I'm going to live forever, or die trying. ", "One time I was passing this map store and the owner goes, \u201cHey buddy, you look a little lost,\u201d so I told him not to patronize me. ", "I've been so lonely lately that the closest thing to a piece of ass I've had was a mule steak ", "God shalt have no other people before me ", "A \u201cline\u201d is the shortest distance from A to B. Punctuation is irrelevant. Every midget joke qualifies. ", "I got a tattoo of Italy on my chest and now I have really sore Naples ", "I know a thing or three about miscalculations. ", "My girlfriend tells me that I'm indecisive, but I'm not so sure about that. ", "I had this really funny joke about The Sun I was going to tell you all, but some redditor made a funnier joke about The Moon and totally eclipsed it. ", "Never date a girl called hope. If you split up, you'll become hopeless. ", "A man tried to poison his wife using a spider. He was charged with recluse endangerment . ", "Fingerless gloves are pointless. ", "The top commentator is a top rephraser ", "Nostalgia isn\u2019t what it used to be. ", "People with halitosis are far and away best. ", "I'm an accountant, but I don't know how to make a penny. ", "I was going to tell you a joke about subtraction but I didn't want you to think less of me. ", "If at first you don't succeed, it's called attempted murder. ", "I upgraded my resume from \"tending a small garden\" to \"plant manager\". [deleted]", "To be fair, you shouldn't sit in the sun for too long. ", "A termite walks into a bar and says, \"Is the bartender here?\" ", "When going to the bathroom, making sure everything flushes is your #2 job. ", "I\u2019m about to start reading Great Expectations but I don\u2019t have high hopes for it... ", "I respect women because I banged your mom last night. ", "The fire safety slogan for a skydiving class is just drop. ", "What sound does a nut make when it sneezes ? Cashew. ", "I have a really sweet tooth, it always tells me nice things. ", "\u202aA doctor says to a nurse, \"Hey, wanna swab spit?\"\u202c ", "To burp or not to burp, that's indigestion. ", "Climbing Everest because it's there is stupid, your mom is there but I don't screw her ", "Anyone else able to tie rope using telekinesis? Thought knot. ", "An apple a day keeps the doctor away.. if you throw it hard enough. ", "Make American Bern again Yes... I actually saw this on the internet. What.\n\nSome idiot is making t-shirts of this phrase: https://make-america-bern-again.myshopify.com/", "I realized what bothers me about the whole gender name debate. After 13 years of public education, it took a bunch of upset transsexuals to teach me what a pronoun is. ", "I always wanted to be a Gregorian monk, but I never got the chants. ", "According to science you can't be both hot and cool ", "A thief stole a calendar and got 12 months. ", "Every dog is either a bitch or a son of a bitch ", "My obsession with high visibility emergency signals is flaring up ", "I'm counting on you fingers! ", "I don't mean to be offensive, but I really love all stereotypes; boomboxes are my favorite. ", "I know they say there's plenty of fish in the sea, but honey you're swimming in the shallow pool. ", "So I suggested to my wife that she'd look sexier with her hair back\u2026 Which is apparently an insensitive thing to say to a cancer patient. ", "My cousin is gay; in school while other kids were dissecting frogs, he was opening flies ", "Yoga pants dont make yoga any easier and wearing wife beaters don't make her listen any better ", "Most people have a 'coccyx', but I have a 'cock-seven' ", "Buddha walks up to a hotdog cart and says, make me one with everything! ", "Been trying for months to come up with a social distancing joke but this was the closest I could get ", "I Googled 'Welsh porn' and found EweTube. ", "It makes no sense to have a headband with design on top unless you plan to look at everyone with top of your head. [removed]", "I avoid oneliners for the same reason I avoid cocaine: one line is never enough. ", "Is it true that an apple a day keeps the doctor away or is it one of granny's myths? ", "There's plenty of fish in the sea, but until I catch one, I'm just stuck here holding my rod. ", "I havent done my laundry in a while, but i'll get it sorted out. ", "People seem to like the Chinese flag. It\u2019s got five stars. ", "I broke up with my android GF because she was too code dependent ", "The unemployment rate falls when an unemployed person is murdered ", "I wish we all had the problems of other people. We're very good at solving those. ", "I got a date, with destiny, and it aint gunna end with a kiss. ", "Today I met a guy with as many noses as days in the year! ", "She had come to service his laptop, but left him needing repairs... [deleted]", "I have a few jokes about my unemployed friends, but unfortunately none of them work. ", "When I walked into my house and discovered that someone had stolen all of my lamps, I was delighted. ", "My parents always tell me their world doesn\u2019t revolve around me, so I guess that means I\u2019m not actually their sun. ", "You know you're getting old when on a Friday night you're listening to the police scanner instead of being on it. ", "there had never been a shooting at my office, despite plenty of firing. ", "If Abraham Lincoln was alive today, he'd be desperately clawing the lid of his coffin. ", "Scaffolding...I'm a supporter. ", "Robots are like cell phones; you want to let their batteries run dead but when they make the \"low battery\" sound, you plug them in to make them shut up. [deleted]", "5/4 people struggle with fractions, fortunately I'm not one of them. ", "My toilet seat is so cold, it broke up with my ass via text. ", "My father used to take me to the playground and put me on mood swings ", "Shoutout to the people who don't know what the opposite of in is ", "Have I written a Joke about Pavlov's Dog? It rings a bell..... ", "Theres a fine line between hyphenated words.. ", "the word \"plethora\" means a lot to me ", "Ceiling fans blow my mind. ", "Nice catch. ", "Most onomatopoeia jokes aren't worth a tweet tweet. ", "Shout out to the people who ask what the opposite of \u201cin\u201d is [deleted]", "With great power comes no responsibility if youre god ", "Growing up I always wanted to be a comedian, now I'm a custodian, Turns out I'm also dyslexic. ", "Today, after years of complaining about his joint problems, my uncle is finally out of rehab. ", "I would tell you an antimatter joke ,but it doesn't matter. ", "Is 2 vegans fighting still called beef? \ud83e\udd14 ", "I send nudes to my wife to speed up the divorce proceedings. ", "This new clock must be chicken-proof. It has impeckable timing. ", "Marking tests of underachieving students is really degrading... ", "Prison in a nutshell. ", "Having used his webs to stick the criminals feet to the ground, Spider-Man informed the police and left the scene. \"Well,\" said the criminal, \"I'm a sitting duck\" ", "Energizer bunny arrested charged with battery. ", "My company does random urine tests to detect any traces of hope or optimism. ", "When the TV repairman got married the reception was excellent. ", "Our dog really digs our new backyard. ", "Witnessing a hearse in the Dairy Queen drive-through during freezing weather always makes me sweat. ", "Get off that chair, back straight, head up; I stand, corrected. ", "I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since. ", "Yesterday the military lost a high tech camouflage tank. ", "If a urologist is told to stop taking the piss, does he have to find a new career? ", "Cowards run in my family. [deleted]", "The teacher told us that she needs aids, and asked if anyone would volunteer ", "You think they named the Black Plague before or after it killed 25 million people ", "The impulse to sing The Lion Sleeps Tonight is just a whim away. ", "I want buns of steel. But I also want buns of cinnamon. ", "People think I quit drinking beer because they don't understand 'avoiding it like the plague' just means I'm ignoring government recommendations. ", "Tyra banks. She also shops, drives, and sleeps. ", "Wookie meat can be Chewie. ", "Making a mockery of my dyslexia will come back and bite you in the ears. [deleted]", "a friend of mine did dumb stuff to be famous on facebook , I am not impressed by the likes of him . ", "A man walks into a bar because he is too busy looking at his phone. ", "A baby is just a baked cream pie ", "I man went into space; it took his breath away. ", "Is botany considered a STEM career? ", "It's funny how time flies when a laughing bird steals your watch. ", "I\u2019m not racist, racism is a crime and only black people are criminals.. ..", "Said the prostitute to the priest: \"I'm here for the missionary position\". ", "When dental medicine was introduced, it dropped a lot of jaws. ", "I don't know how fast does light travel, but it gets here too early in the morning. ", "If age is on the clock, she gets the cock ", "Flies have a shitty existence. ", "I can't pull the wool over someone's eyes without pulling their leg ", "I got my puppy the same day I planted thyme in the garden so I could say my puppy's tail is as old as thyme. True as it can be.", "My three favourite things are eating my family and not using commas. ", "Netflix and chill more like boba and bang ", "Me. ", "In Africa, I saw two small insects running away to get married on an antelope. ", "Essential Collusiants, L.L.C. ", "I've just got back from the porn awards, they are just like any other award ceremony, only the red carpet is shaved. ", "DJs give sound advice. ", "I\u2019m going to design decorative sleeves that go over women\u2019s handbags and call them, \u2018Hot Purse Suits\u2019. ", "To paraphrase Otto von Bismarck, nobody wants to know how the sausage is measured. ", "I\ufe0f never thought I\u2019d have a beard, but now it\u2019s starting to grow on me. ", "You should never tell jokes standing under a window, just in case it cracks up. ", "If reincarnation is true then the death penalty is letting criminals loose on the world ", "The oddest years of my high school career were 9th and 11th. ", "You may think I'm a racist for saying it but there's nothing wrong with niggers. ", "My new razor just isn't cutting it. ", "People used to be nicer, these days the average person is mean. ", "I would kill for a Nobel peace prize. ", "Sometimes I order Chinese food just to keep my cat on edge. ", "I'm seriously thinking about remarrying my ex-wife but I'm pretty sure she'll figure out I'm just after my money. ", "Due to less people on r/oneliners this post will probably won't get much upvotes [deleted]", "I had to send you that pic of Gregg Allman's ex with her impersonator because Cher and Cher-alike ", "On Fridays during lent, I think it is ok for Catholics to eat mermaids. ", "Never in the history of calm down has anyone calmed down by being told to calm down. ", "Dough kneads to be kneaded. ", "Police have warned that a man who held people hostage in a bowling alley, is likely to strike again. ", "Communist jokes are only funny if everyone gets them. ", "Pirates are so good at poker, they can play it with no hand. [deleted]", "The first sign of AIDS is a severe pounding in the rectum. ", "Hey, it's not like I just sit around on the weekends getting drunk, I drunk on weeknights too. ", "When I want your advice, I\u2019ll give you the special signal. Which is me being sectioned under the Mental Health Act ", "Squirrels will never wear skinny jeans because their nuts won't fit. ", "The Dalai Lama is unable to transfer files via the internet, because he doesn\u2019t believe in attachments. ", "Taking a Cold shower is something you have to warm up to. ", "I shot a man with a paintball gun just to watch him dye ", "If you think brain surgery sounds fun and exciting you should probably have your head examined. ", "Id be more likely to hire a white man than a black man but thats just cuz more whites applied ", "I couldn't remember how to throw a boomerang, but it came back to me. ", "When my butt hurts I always take assprin. ", "i do agree its healthy to laugh at your mistakes but... if you are a plastic surgeon you should probably do it in private..", "People these days just say any old shit and attribute it to a quote in The Bible - Leviticus 8:12 ", "Anything seems possible when you don't know what the fuck you're talking about. ", "I could really see myself working in a mirror factory. ", "Someone asked me where I see myself in 5 years. I couldn't answer because I don't have 2020 vision. ", "In a thousand or so years, archaeologists are going to dig up tanning beds and think we cooked people as punishment. ", "Did you know that banana peels are supposed to be put under the controlled substance act because they can give you bad trips. ", "If your mother kills you it an nth trimester abortion ", "A Muslim Karen is a Quran ", "Commiting suicide? That would be the last thing I'd do! ", "Where there\u2019s a will, I want to be in it. ", "amishdirectfurniture.com I mean, really... ", "I don't discriminate against anyone that's exactly the way I want them to be. ", "Hickeys suck. ", "\"Who are you trying to impress?\" What's a smart way for replying to: \"Who are you trying to impress?\"", "I was running warm water on my hands, and someone asked me \"are your hands cold?\", and I said \"no, they're just purple\". ", "Kept sending back my food for being too blurry. Turns out I need glasses. ", "If I won the award for laziness, I would send somebody to pick it up for me. ", "I've always wanted to do stand up comedy, but I'm afraid that people will laugh at me. ", "Grammar is important because it\u2019s the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse and helping your uncle jack off a horse. ", "As of today I stopped drinking, last night I got so drunk I blew chunks! Chunks is my dog. ", "This pickup line might just make your whole love life. HOW YOU DOIN' ;] (in joey's voice)", "I'm dating an Italian bricklayer and it's cement to be! ", "Sometimes i buy TuPacs of gum ", "The O's in \"monotonous\" are quite monotonous. ", "Five out of six scientists agree that Russian Roulette is safe. ", "My New Year's resolution is going to be 1080p. ", "Next time I need an idiot, I'll go myself. ", "Wait For It: [removed]", "When chemists die they barium. ", "I'm ultraviolet colorblind. ", "Is it just me, or is Congress the opposite of progress? ", "The center of the nervous system is the human brian. ", "It\u2019s Christmas Eve, not Christmas Steve. ", "Between Superman, Bill and Ted, and Doctor Who, my expectations for phone booths have been set pretty high. ", "I'm worried something might be wrong with my testicles because one seems bigger than the others. ", "Taco Night at the Drug Rehab Clinic allows you to shit AND get off the pot! ", "A diamond ring is a way of telling a woman, \"I love you so much I want African children to suffer just so your finger can shine.\" ", "I used to be addicted to swimming but I\u2019m very proud to say I\u2019ve been dry for six years. ", "Everyday I pray the cops won't pick me up for my twin brothers murders but the voices say I'm an only child ", "the fact that we know chameleons exist means that they are failures ", "Where there's a will there's a relative. [deleted]", "There's a big part of me that thinks I could make it as a porn star. ", "I saw a crash at a Formula 1 and the driver's helmet flew through the air, which must make it harder to piss now. ", "When you go the ear piercing shop, and your card gets declined, they put your ear meat back in. ", "Are you feeling cold? Sit in the corner, it is 90 degrees ", "These counter tops look nice, but they're linoleum - don't take them for granite ", "I sometimes feel like I'm a goat I think it started when I was a kid", "This is Motown weather...3 Degrees, Four Tops. ", "pedophiles are fucking immature assholes ", "Crane drivers have uplifting pick-up lines. ", "I don't get the hate for Necromancers, can't a guy just raise a family in peace? ", "Monica Lewinsky is becoming a Republican because the Democrats left a bad taste in her mouth. ", "the difference between an accordion and an onion is that when you chop up an accordion NOBODY cries ", "There are a plenty of fish in the sea is not a saying if you live near the Dead Sea. ", "If I hit Myself and it hurts, am I weak or Strong? [removed]", "Every time I find the meaning of life they change it. ", "The police say that they burn all the weed they confiscate, so that would explain the doughnuts. ", "I went to a fetish restaurant last night. I got toed in the hole. ", "Who called them BBW instead of tit beasts. ", "Finally got out of bed, to go and lay on the couch. ", "Parking a car doesn't need much space, but parking 200 cars...that needs a lot. ", "Root canals are unnerving. ", "Say yes to masks and no to bras............... Free the titty, protect the city. ", "The only thing flat earthers have to fear is sphere itself ", "Went to the Jeans factory today... it was riveting! ", "She made my dick harder than Superman's kneecap. ", "Maybe if we start telling people the brain is an app they will start using it. ", "A couple went golfing but did very poorly, I guess it was the fault in their pars ", "Never get in line behind the devil at the DMV; for the devil can take many forms. ", "If the Russians attacked, the Trump administration would definitely put out a spread ", "Find a woman with a birth defect that she has no pussy anus or mouth, then try to rape her ", "So bad at math when I asked what's 3 times 4 they said 12 donuts. ", "We\u2019ve got big plans at the architecture firm. ", "I'm so terrified of big jungle cats that they make me puma pants. ", "I thought I knew the dead camponologist, but it was just a dead ringer. [deleted]", "When it comes to oral sex, male or female, I think people should just succumb. Ha ha, get it?  Suck cum!\n...\nI'll see myself out.", "That one liner 'i'm not drinking too much tonight' never goes as planned... ", "I always read my wife's horoscope to see what kind of day I'm going to have. ", "I got a second job at McDonalds to make McEnd\u2019s meat. ", "Thanos attends Slam Poetry Night ", "A few people hated the one-foot king but most loved their ruler. ", "Jesus is on Twitter, but unfortunately he's only got twelve followers... ", "...but you can halve your cake and eat it in two ", "About my first experience with Helium, I speak very highly. ", "Mercedes is the Cadillac of cars. ", "One of the best things about being forgetful is ", "My Spring factory went bankrupt, but I think business will bounce back. ", "I am addicted to sea weed, I must seek kelp. ", "Just went to the restaurant Galaxy Buffet, and I must say a meteor and more expansive selection of food I've never seen! ", "\u041cy r\u0435\u0430l stor\u0443 \u0430bout 3 tim\u0435s with 3 diff\u0435r\u0435nt girls for guys [removed]", "I kicked \"8\" and it became infinitely large [deleted]", "a condom is the latest time to cockblock ", "Nihilist store robbed at gunpoint. Fortunately, nothing of value was taken. ", "If you dont like assholes then donate yours to someone who needs a transplant ", "I got caught stealing a bottle of Viagra...I was given a stiff sentence. ", "Foosball is a combination of soccer and shish kabobs. ", "What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus. ", "A woman drove me to drink and I hadn't the decency to thank her ", "They say \"don't try this at home\" so I'm coming over to your house to try it. ", "I was looking for a website to help me lose weight but all of them were trying to give me cookies. ", "In France they call it a Royal Baby with cheese. ", "Fake tasers are also known as teasers. [deleted]", "I was in the Middle East, and I stole a prosthetic arm, so they cut off my hand. [deleted]", "Winter tip: don't make snow angels in dog parks. ", "Her dying regret was never having any regrets. ", "I tried contemplating infinity, but it was taking forever! &amp;#x200B;", "Separating two different lines with a semicolon doesn\u2019t make it a one liner; I mean me too thanks ", "I'm developing a lazy eye, or at least it looks that way ", "You put the fun in disfunctional ", "Scientists have finally discovered exactly how much sleep a human needs......Just 5 minutes more!! ", "Single, because why let someone else ruin your life when you're perfectly capable of doing it on your own. [deleted]", "You guys want to hear a word I just made up myself: Plagiarism ", "I accidentally walked in on my room mate and found him covering himself with jars of Mayo ....... \"What the Hellman ?\" ", "I just met Bruce Lee\u2019s vegan brother, Brocco Lee. ", "So this dyslexic guy walks into a bra. ", "I just can't stand my wife. One of her legs won't inflate. [deleted]", "What makes blind people want to always walk a dog? ", "No one's ever thanked me for my service, then again I'm a horrible waiter. ", "\u202aI think I was born in the wrong century because I really like reading Shakespeare and also I like to behead French people who I think support King Louis XVI.\u202c [deleted]", "I keep trying to find the sum of 4 an zero but things just don\u2019t seem to add up. ", "Knowing sign language is pretty damn handy! ", "I bought an album of Coldplays greatest hits and it was blank ", "Apple Event What's the similarity between iPhone jokes and every new iPhone?  \n\n\\- there's nothing new in them", "My friend told me Onions was the only thing that could make someone cry, so I threw a coconut at his face ", "Spiders are the only web developers that enjoy finding bugs. ", "Spiral : recursive cursive ", "The most expensive thing I own is my lack of impulse control. ", "I\u2019ve been off my OCD meds for 7 months, 12 days, 3 hours and 52 minutes ", "Thought I did great my first time fishing, but it was just a fluke. ", "Did the first spider know what he was doing, or was he just pulling it out of his ass? ", "Tampax workers are stuck up cunts. ", "Why is the t-rex always angry ? Cause it can't reach its junk with its tiny arms. ", "when students must memorize more than think they have a preacher not a teacher ", "Why all the fuss about gay rights, when there must be so many more gay lefts out there? ", "I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not sure. ", "A friend had a rare reaction to cheese and had to have part of his foot amputated... he now has a major lactose problem. ", "i'd tell you a joke but i have memory issues.. Hi im Connor, what are we doing again??", "So what\u2019s the deal with airplane food? ", "Footloose I took the heel off one of my shoes, the difference was staggering.", "How are Christians against piercings, didn't Jesus have like four? ", "Vulva: a Swedish car that's due for a cervix Credit to Stephen Fry for this one", "Hillary was almost president [removed]", "Contractions are not always utilised. ", "The best thing about this year is, after wearing glasses for so long, I can claim that this year I have 2020 vision. It's a dad joke.  Happy new years.", "When it comes to one-upmanship, I always give a hundred and eleven percent. ", "I was supposed to go on a date with a lawyer earlier, but I had to counsellor. ", "Praying for Sin City ", "I thought hopscotch was just a really hard sudoku. [deleted]", "Chandeliers?... Eh, not a fan ", "conjunctivitis.com - Now that's a sight for sore eyes! ", "I'm proud to be unique....... I wish there were more people like me. ", "I was offered a job selling teabags of an unconventional shape, turns out it was just a pyramid scheme. ", "People who died in WWII missed the better half of the 20th century ", "Examiners are questionable. ", "Last night I met a girl named Ivy, at first I didn't like the name, but it's started growing on me. ", "Don't be sad, laundry ... no one's doing me either. ", "I should have been sad when my flashlight batteries died, but I was delighted. ", "If one door opens, and another one slams shut; get out, the place is haunted! ", "I never once said I liked to suck someone\u2019s feet because they\u2019re a always a foot in my mouth.. ", "My deep sea diving business has gone under. ", "With weed legalization, pilots now need to be clear-eyed for landing. [deleted]", "If number 666 is evil, then 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil. ", "If computers had feelings, would we have to be pc about everything? ", "Form is temporary, class is permanent. -Morning motivation from Amoeba. ", "I hate to admit but writing felt easy with a broken heart. ", "I just deleted all German names off my phone, it's now hans free! ", "Fruit flavoured gummy candy fills me with jujubilation! ", "Vagina - the box a penis comes in. ", "The problem with kleptomaniacs is that they always take things literally. ", "My Lynch Victims Anonymous meeting was postponed an hour I passed, I didn't feel like hanging around", "After dumping his girlfriend, a cannibal wipes his butt. ", "My Taiwanese friend is so incredibly rude and bossy, I think he has a strong Taipei personality. ", "I called the hospital, but the line is dead. ", "No matter how kind you are, German children are definitely kinder. ", "I use to miss my wife but my aim improved. ", "My friend got a personal trainer a year before his wedding. I thought: \u2018Bloody hell, how long\u2019s the aisle going to be\". ", "My buddy thinks camping is dull, but I think camping is in tents. ", "I went to a seafood disco the other night... [deleted]", "Flavored condoms have 3 grams of sugar per inch! [deleted]", "If a person overdosed and died, they were stoned to death. ", "I was given a D-cell after a judge convicted me of battery. ", "my friend threw a coca cola at my head and said i was coke-cocked upside the head. ", "Is it true that an apple a day, keeps the doctor away, or is it just one of Granny's myths? ", "German sausage puns are the wurst. ", "This guy's going around dipping his testicles in glitter, which is pretty nuts. ", "The first time I bought a universal remote control, i thought to myself, \"Now this changes everything!\" ", "Watching the movie Dying Young gets old after a while ", "I know a joke about Oedipus and Midas, that's motherfucking gold. ", "If a potato grows in enormous size, we can say it beef up. We can move this into the category of non-veg. ", "Remember boys, flies spread disease...so keep yours closed. ", "These days, everyone is under the weather... apart from astronauts who are above it all ", "The fact that I can't lick my elbows frustrates me to the point that I'm beginning to have suicidal thoughts. ", "I saw an ad that said, \u201cTelevision for sale, $1, volume stuck on full\u201d and I thought to myself, \u201cI can\u2019t turn that down!\" ", "If I write a book about failure and it doesn't sell, am I a success? ", "A dyslexic man walked into a bra. [removed]", "Shopping is hard. Let's go redditing. ", "I struggle to take anal rape victims seriously. Seems to me they're just butthurt. ", "I asked the clown if she could turn my penis into a balloon animal, but she said it was too hard. [deleted]", "An expensive laxative gives you a run for your money. ", "When entering a funeral home, remember to stay alert and always look alive! ", "I went to a premature ejaculators support group... Turns out it's tomorrow. ", "I won't manage to have sex will all of my house visitors, but I will do my guest ", "A hipster drowned when he was thrown in the mainstream. ", "happy birthday, and don't say thank you. ", "Hipsters don't use online dating sites cause that shit isn't developed organically. ", "Christmas is coming, you could be too. [deleted]", "The lettuce was ahead and the tomato was trying to ketchup ", "Marijuana farm cowboys need to get off their high horses [deleted]", "A skeleton walks into a bar and asks for a beer and a mop ", "A thief who stole a calendar\u2026 got twelve months. ", "My complimentary hotel breakfast did not tell me I looked nice even once. ", "Synthetic fertilizer should be called \u201csham poo\u201d ", "A seal has a ball at the circus. ", "If you want to stop a wild animal from charging, just press paws. ", "Murderers Having a discussion with an awkward murderer is a conversation killer", "Killing a diabetic would be a piece of cake. ", "Nothing pisses me off more than outrage. ", "A good elevator joke works on multiple levels. ", "Being vegan is a big missed steak! ", "I'm only a grower when I'm in a shower. ", "The waitress says \"say when\" while grating my cheese. I never say when. The room fills up with parmesan. There are no survivors. ", "If you can only read one letter does that make you alliterate? ", "If you're looking for advice... Never take a tip from someone who performs circumcisions ", "I don't know where I would be without my compass. ", "Claustrophobic people are more productive thinking outside the box. ", "I never had an original thought too ", "If I got a dollar for every time someone called my jokes stupid, I would write way more jokes ", "Saying the name Keanu backwards is unique. ", "I just came to the realization that I have a fetish for figuring things out. ", "Phoned the Tinnitus helpline earlier but it just kept ringing. ", "Why\u2019s my ruler not moving? Because it\u2019s stationary ", "I got kicked out of the hospital. Apparently the sign \"stroke patients here\" meant something completely different than I assumed.", "I have a nomadic tree, every year it packs up its trunk and leaves. ", "A large dog's favorite pastry is a Great Danish ", "What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question? ", "Who called it Racist and not blacktoes intolerant? ", "What's the down side of a prenatal screening debate? ", "Let's put an end to unfinished manuscripts. ", "I was walking past the cemetery the other day. The whole place was just dead silent! ", "I know a good eye doctor when I see one. ", "On a scale of 0 to 1, how binary are you? ", "These days it is better to fart loudly on a crowded bus than to cough silently ", "I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it. ", "They say you're beating a dead horse, I say im beating my dead wife ", "I wander how many chameleons snuck onto the ark?... ", "Don't you hate it when a sentence doesn't end the way you think it octopus. ", "The four-foot tall clansman was a little racist. ", "There's a special place in hell for people who threaten burning others to control them ", "Me learning to play the kazoo is humming right along. ", "99% of statistics are made up lies ", "I've successfully grown a field of dildos.... Now I have squatters. ", "With Alzheimer's, at least you get to meet new people each day. ", "One-liners are like dicks: Some are short, some are long, but everybody groans when Grandpa whips his out ", "Just quit my job as a Ski Instructor.. when I started I was on top of the world, then it all went downhill. ", "Research shows that the Amish have a lower rate of cyber bullying. ", "What takes up 18 parking spaces? 9 women drivers ", "People who say 'new normal' havent been normal since they were new. ", "I was immediately fired at my new job as a human cannon ball ", "I keep trying to find the sum of 4 and zero but something\u2019s not adding up. ", "Here's to unnecessary toasts... ", "I think people in India's cities are quite horny, just listen to the traffic... ", "I wonder what 'etymology' used to mean. ", "You know you are getting old when the candles on your birthday cake start to cost more than the cake itself. ", "It is my wife's birthday today so I sang to her as I washed my hands. ", "Sexy has four letters. So does meee.", "If I laid my penis on a computer keyboard, it would stretch all the way from A to Z ", "A great pun is its own reword. [deleted]", "Bill Gates has agreed to pay for the completion of Trumps wall, as long as he can put Windows in it. ", "There was a robbery at the Hotel recently.  The Robber took out a Gun,The Security Guard took out his Phone,and the Hotel took out a trivago.", "Necrophiliacs are fucking lifeless. ", "I once bought some used paint, and it was in the shape of a house ", "You remind me of my Lava Lamp; you're not too bright but you're fun to watch. ", "When you get a bladder infection, urine trouble. ", "A small part of me thinks my girlfriend is sexually unsatisfied. ", "After a moment of reflection, I realised moonlight is actually sunlight. ", "I own the world\u2019s worst thesaurus, not only is it awful, it\u2019s awful. ", "If you enjoy slapstick comedy, check out boxing with twigs. ", "I tried to take my detachable ass to prison with me but they don't allow donkeys ", "cryonics is funded by pedophiles who plan to freeze kids until they're adults ", "If you eat pasta and antipasto the calories cancel each other out. ", "Doing 69 gave me cancer. [deleted]", "A rule of grammar: double negatives are a no-no. ", "Disney named The Little Mermaid Ariel because they didn't want to shell out the cash for Helvetica. ", "I'll bet you $50 that I'm not addicted to gambling. ", "Only 20 pounds more to go of my 10 pound weight loss goal! ", "Being half deaf it's the worst disability: I just get to say \"huh?\" when I'm fined for taking a handicapped parking spot. ", "If a scientist is sick and you can't helium or curium, you might as well barium. ", "Pinnochio, he's seen and he nose it. [deleted]", "are mermaids tripods? ", "It\u2019s with a very heavy heart that I inform you that I just ransacked a whale carcass ", "I tried to catch some fog, but I mist ", "Ugh - it's just like that deja-vu incident all over again... ", "The Nazi's were able to invade Poland so easily because they marched in backwards and the Polish army thought they were leaving. ", "Nowadays Lance isn't a very common name, but in the Medieval times people were named Lancelot. ", "Did you know \"gullible\" isn't in the dictionary? ", "When I die, I want my head to be mounted on a wall. I also want to be animatronic, so that when people walk by I can ask them to scratch my nose. ", "My friends are like pi- well rounded, but completely irrational ", "Winner of \"World's Loneliest Man\" at award ceremony has no one to thank ", "That which can be destroyed by the truth should beat it you tree hugging hippy cuz we make money here ", "I asked my friend if it\u2019s difficult dealing with his chronic priapism. He said, \u201cit\u2019s always hard.\u201d ", "Make the little things count and teach math to midgets. ", "When Obama was elected the kkk said, \"these are dark times indeed my friends\". ", "If moths like light so much, why don't they come out during the day? ", "Playing tennis here against a Bob Marley impersonator, its only the first set but it's already one love. ", "The key to telling a good one-liner is understanding that the longer you hold back the curve ball part of the punchline, the more intense the erections. ", "A wannabe necromancer gave a corpse up for adoption because he can't raise the dead. ", "If you want to hear my advice on visual awareness, then look... ", "Diarrhea is hereditary It runs down in your jeans", "I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize. ", "To learn sex Ed I did a broad for a semester. [deleted]", "Political correctness is fascism, pretending to be manners. ", "An acorn is just a tree in a nutshell. ", "March the 4th be with you. ", "Nature is my toilet, and I just clogged it ", "Put your hands up if its 12:00! ", "People say drugs are bad but one time I was high and I solved the theory of everything bagels. ", "I once got offered $50 and some sweets to be the poster child for anti-pedophilia, I couldn't resist. ", "A plateau is the highest form of flattery. ", "Sometimes the first step towards forgiveness is realizing that the other person was born an idiot. [deleted]", "I dropped spaghetti on my lap and now dinner's on me. ", "I'm having a hard time to spell batterryy. I'm not sure if it has double t, r or y. But I'm pretty sure that some batterryy has AA AAA AAAA. ", "It's kind of sad cross eyed people never looked forward to anything. ", "A warning to the person who stole my glasses, I have contacts. ", "You think you're in love with a girl from New Delhi until you find out she's really not that India. ", "The chiropractor did a terrible job so I asked for my money bad back. ", "Never moon a werewolf ", "My scientist buddy thinks that Bose-Einstein condensates are really cool, but they're pretty low on the scale to me. ", "Have you heard of extreme camping? It's intense. ", "\u202aMy manager hid her food during the FBI raid so they couldn't Caesar Salad. \u202c ", "I hate Russian dolls...so full of themselves. ", "Mathematicians dance to the algorithm? ", "They say the world is a smaller place then it used to be, but I think that\u2019s an optical illusion since I became a big fat guy. ", "I made a Facebook page for Chinese Nazis. It has three reichs already. ", "Walking for miles on end with no shoes on can be sole destroying. ", "I don't like it when my girlfriend sells herself short, which is why I suggest that she wears high heels. ", "I took an aspirin and stayed away from my kids - just like the bottle said. ", "I dont take out my trash because garbage can ", "If a blind prostitute tells you that you're hung, she's probably pulling your leg. ", "I am a bit younger than most people my age. ", "A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it. ", "I really enjoying having a pale stomach, but now I'm trying to abstain. ", "I donated blood, but it wasn't mine. [deleted]", "If a man is straight for another man he isnt ", "I was caught in the middle of a riot involving over 100 naked men. It was completely nuts. ", "Showing up casually late A friend of mine always shows up late to parties, always has the best one liners. What is a good one I can use when showing up to a bar late?", "Sometimes i use big words i dont fully understand in order to make myself sound more photosynthesis ", "The Scranton Strangler\u2019s testimony really choked me up ", "Whoever put the \"b\" in subtle was, well, yeah. ", "Is it possible to mistake schizophrenia for telepathy, I hear you ask? ", "My sex life is like a Bruce Willis movie. I\u2019m gonna Die Hard. ", "One might even call Mecca the Mecca of Islam ", "Thinking about becoming a Civil War reenactor, probably going with Team Cap. ", "If covid has a mascot superhero it would be Batman. A) he covers his entire body except his nostrils and mouth. \nB) he\u2019s a bat.", "I know drinking brake fluids is bad for me, but I can stop at any time ", "99% of people are addicted to something. I'm willing to bet that I'm not. ", "Make like a preacher and get the hell out of here ", "I can't play the drums while masturbating because I'm always just a beat off. ", "Can I just mention something? [removed]", "A pirate walked into a hospital with a steering wheel down his pants yelling, \"It's drivin' me nuts!\" ", "Just in time for this Christmas, stores are now stocking French Army knives, featuring 6 corkscrews and a white flag. [deleted]", "A nurse finds a rectal thermometer in her pocket and thinks,\"some asshole has my pen\" ", "My ex girlfriend was a fart cos she blew me away ", "Arable farming is no Bull ", "I hate plastic wrap, it's tear-able ", "Constipation isn\u2019t everything it\u2019s built up to be. ", "The credit card is paying me back for loaning them money in the future ", "I\u2019m so unfamiliar with my gym that I have started calling it Mr. James. ", "I know karate and a few other Japanese words. ", "I\u2019ve just been fired from the clock making factory after all those extra hours I put in. ", "Australians don't have sex, Australians mate ", "Using an umbrella when there isn\u2019t a cloud in the sky seem a bit shady to me ", "So a baby seal walks into a club... ", "A joke doesn't become a Dad joke until it's fully groan. ", "Seven days without a pun makes one weak. ", "The flipside of contagious gum disease is an infectious smile. ", "I'm don't know the purpose of a mosquito, I just know it sucks ", "Virgins arent a real life form cuz they cant reproduce ", "Looks like Lando is gonna be riding Solo now ", "Liquid cheesemaking residue? No whey! ", "People have told me that I'm very doubting, but I'm not so sure. ", "Why do BMWs have turn signals? ", "At the mall my parents said I could pick anything, so I picked my nose. ", "The pyramids were built, not by slaves, but in cities where it was illegal to walk downhill ", "I thought I didn't need a chiropractor but now I stand corrected. [deleted]", "Internet lag is a ", "Good thing my computer has spellchucker ", "For the past ten years I've had a memory foam mattress constantly reminding me the general shape of my ex-girlfriends. ", "I'm a social smoker with lots of imaginary friends. ", "The doctor ordered me to self-isolate his really backed me into a Corona ", "Rumors about himself and the consul's wife nearly got Spartacus fired, but in the end he was still gladiator. ", "If you don't like the noises I make during sex, go find yourself another livestock auction! ", "Don't take a diuretic before you drink a bottle of Pinot Blanc, or you'll soon wish you could pinot more. ", "There is no justice in this world, it is always ice and something else. ", "Don't try hiding the sun with a finger. You may get burnt. ", "The worst thing you could do as a doctor is lose your patients. ", "I have a joke about dramatic irony, I just can't tell you. [deleted]", "My girlfriend is absolutely beautiful, with a body like a Greek statue - completely pale, no arms. ", "Paradise, to me, is two six sided number cubes. ", "Whats Ugly About Black Power Apart From The Faces ", "My dad sent me to a psychiatrist for wearing his bra again. ", "I was attacked by a group of mime artists. They did unspeakable things to me. ", "James Dyson has made money out of thin air. ", "Years ago, changing TV channels from a sitting position was a remote possibility. ", "If the Queen farts, is it a noble gas? ", "all Humans are equals but everyone else monkeys robots etc can go screw themself ", "The worst thing about driving for Uber is all the people talking behind your back ", "I'm mesmerized when people spur the invention of entirely new words ", "Have faith in your ability to choose reason over faith ", "My offensive driving courses start Friday ", "I only go to Hooters for the articles. ", "those who forget the pasta are condemned to repeat their trip to the shops ", "I care about you too much to let you believe that was a real breast exam ", "I hate typos. You mix two letters and your whole post is urined. ", "I went to Wuhan and got sick right off the bat ", "I heard it\u2019s tough to create effective mosquito repellent because you always have to start from scratch. ", "While golfing i'll only count a stroke if the ball goes straight down the middle, that's the fairway. ", "Don't take my previous girlfriend out of context, because \"contt\" doesn't make any sense. ", "Fireworks safety is a burning issue. ", "Tapas is Spanish for \"not enough food.\" ", "I remember when I was a kid my mom would feed us vegetables by telling us :\"here comes the train, here comes the train\" [removed]", "My friend has a villa in the south of France that he claims is in St-Laurent-du-Var - It's really Nice. ", "&gt;\u2019Enter new password\u2018 ~ 'BaDum' &gt; \u2018Password must contain a cymbal\u2018 ~ 'BaDumTsss' ", "If you think about it, Lenin statues are just a social construct. ", "I just made up a new word: plagiarism. ", "Every time I take my buttplug in for cleaning... they say, \"Not this shit again.\"", "Sex with my wife is like my bank account. I put it in, lose interest and take it out again. ", "You'll find research to confirm whatever you think. ", "I go to the gym for the same reason I go to the bakery - for nice buns. ", "To all the dads, happy Father\u2019s Day; and to all their boys, happy Sunday! ", "Ever since my beak transplant, I've had a fowl mouth. ", "\u202aMy friend said that I should get a sex change, since I've got the balls to do it.\u202c ", "This girl I was dating said that she wanted a once in a lifetime experience, so I murdered her. ", "I once had a business making submarines - it went under. [deleted]", "One should only use shower fixtures that would be approved by Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi. ", "I called 911 to report a huge train wreck that was blocking everything for miles around. ...The police said they couldn't do anything about congress. ", "The companies running toilet paper advertisements right now are also dirty b-holes ", "I don't trust stairs because they're always up to something. ", "One time I thought I was watching MMA until everyone took their pants off ", "thank god for islam fixing the sausage parties with the 72 virgins for every sinning male ", "Dyslexics: All you have to fear is fire itself. [deleted]", "His name is James but his word ain't bond. ", "Camping sex: It's in tents ", "I once dated a girl with a wooden leg... but I had to break it off. ", "I'm a freak in bed cuz I sleep 2 hours 4 times a day ", "life imitates art until life receives a dmca takedown notice ", "I'm so horny, even the crack of dawn isn't safe. ", "Don't know if it's me but every time I email trampoline.com it bounces back ", "I heard on his new album, Chris Brown talks about beating Rihanna, it's called Chris Brown: Greatest Hits. [deleted]", "R2D2 is the most profane character written, everything is says is bleeped. [deleted]", "The clairvoyant Christian charges a fortune to read Psalms ", "centifoot millimile kilopound microton - the bastard children of metric and english ", "Is it just me or are there any other anagrams of em? ", "I wonder if Jesus was a bit cross about his execution. It must have been riveting.", "Accidentally gave the Pope a pot brownie and he's been giving high praises all day. ", "My sister bet me $100 I couldn\u2019t build a working car out of spaghetti and you should have seen the look on her face as I drove pasta. ", "My girlfriend wants to get married, i don't want her to. ", "The NI word is not important enough to be the N word ", "Please can you help me? I can't seem to think of another purpose for multi-purpose compost, other than for growing plants in. ", "About to pull the trigger on a gun metaphor. ", "My deaf wife just told me that \u201cWe need to talk\", which was not a good sign. ", "What do you call a woman on her period? A bloody cunt.", "She asked if I wanted to hear a joke about sodium. I said \"Na.\". ", "Having God on your side won't do you much good if you're on the wrong side of history ", "I was placed on suicide watch... ...but I was really bad at it because they all killed themselves.", "True friends stab you in the front. ", "Imagine being a giraffe and having to throw up. ", "Someone has to let the other win sometimes ", "People tell me to stop using alcohol as a crutch... So I've decided to start drinking it instead. ", "If youre not an ET then youre just a T but your +1 to a party is an Extra Terrestrial ", "When you realize walkie talkies are called walkie talkies because you walkie and you talkie \ud83e\udd2f\ud83e\udd2f\ud83e\udd2f ", "There is nothing more awkward than the moment you realize you\u2019re getting a double-cheek kiss. ", "A march for obesity might be the first march in history to actually cure something. ", "I know the earth is flat, cause I\u2019ve been livin\u2019 on the edge. ", "As a keen enviromentalist, I, like most people, only wash my hands when there's someone else in the bathroom at the same time. ", "I tried having sex on a railroad track, but the train came first. ", "I've never believed in all that astrology rubbish, but then again we Capricorns have always been a skeptical lot. ", "Make communism the greatest again ", "A glory hole was found a nudist camp, but the police have already started looking into it. ", "There are 3 types of people in this world. Those who can count, and those who can't. ", "Caved a car door in yesterday after tripping in a narrow walkway with my wood chopping implement in hand.. AxeyDentAlley ofcourse. ", "I once asked a waiter for a buffet and he punched me in the face. ", "The Trinity is 3 parts of the same god so if the father has sex with the son that's just the holy spirit masturbating ", "Trying to get an organ off a jeohavah witness is like getting blood out of a stone ", "Is it too optimistic to buy a 2021 calender ? ", "Hey I never chose to be this picky ", "I tried using deviled eggs to make angel food cake and it turned into a batter of good versus evil. ", "My face lift has gone terribly wrong. If anyone knows of a good surgeon, I'm all ears. ", "After my recent behavior I need to take a long look in the mirror and make sure that cop isn\u2019t still following me. ", "It\u2019s not flame retardant it\u2019s combustably challenged. ", "Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says \u201cIf an emergency, notify:\u201d I put \u201cDOCTOR\u201d; What\u2019s my mother going to do? ", "I wonder why I'm walking on train rails. Then it hit me.", "you hear of delusions of grandeur but never actual grandeur ", "My wife was furious at me for kicking dropped ice-cubes under the refrigerator, but now it\u2019s just water under the fridge. ", "If you're lost, sat-navs are the way to go. ", "Honestly, my worst purchase of 2020 was a 2020 planner. ", "I was dancing on the table in nightclub tonight and the bouncer told me to get down. [deleted]", "You don't need to vaccinate your kids, only the ones you want to keep. ", "You know what I hate about people leaving jokes unfinished? ", "Sometimes I'm sure most of the U.S. family trees use recursion. ", "Being gay before the invention of lube must have been a pain in the ass. ", "You can't breathe and swallow at the same time. You can't breathe and swallow at the same time.", "If the judge sends me to anger management I\u2019m gonna be fkn pissed. ", "My wife says I can join your gang but I have to be home by 9. ", "I would prefer tulips on an organ than roses on a piano. ", "What sort of an animal would laugh at vet jokes? None! Animals don't laugh. ", "If you don't appeeciate bathroom humor, urine for a bad time. [deleted]", "If 30% of road fatalities are caused by drunk drivers, that means 70% are caused by sober drivers... ", "Last Thursdayism is one of the oldest religions in the world, having been founded way back when the universe first began last Thursday. ", "Mistake is like an ass, you always see someone else's. ", "I knew a foley artist who could only take one medication at a time, otherwise they produced too many sound effects. ", "Just found out that the captain of the Mayflower was April Showers. ", "Do female dogs look at each other and be like,\u201dShe is such a woman\u201d? ", "The second time I was late I apologized for being re-tardy ", "\"Abolish ICE\" is the lefts slogan on immigration and the rights slogan on global warming. ", "I'm insecure and I'm proud. ", "Someone left the seat up in a handicapped stall. Fucking showoff. ", "I bought two shoes for the price of one. ", "There will never be a book about procrastinating professionally. ", "Technically, the condition of any mirror you buy is \"used\". ", "Dr. Pepper is a Dr. but what kind, probably a fizzsicist ", "Maturity is when you realize there was something up with snow white and those seven shnooks. ", "It's crazy how many people die in suits. [deleted]", "Malcom X comes from a long line of relatives named Malcom. 9 others to be exact. ", "So a blind man walks into a bar [deleted]", "Guys, if having a dad bod is in, does that mean that you're more attractive if you have a father figure? ", "The investigation into a farmers allotment having a new even spread of soil put on top has received new evidence...the plot thickens... ", "I think I\u2019m balding, and I\u2019m totally losing hair over it. [deleted]", "My band member was up in arms after being made to crowd surf. ", "Peanuts are like testicles, in a nut shell. ", "Prostitutes do not give a fuck. ", "My sister told me its ok to get dirty, as long as we\u2019re in the shower. ", "So it's possible to rewrite DNA - and? ", "All flat earthers come around at some point. ", "It took me a while to become a trainer for rock bands, but eventually I had all the Kinks worked out. ", "To the guy who invented zero, thanks for nothing! ", "I bet the butcher the other day that he couldn\u2019t reach the meat that was on the top shelf, but he refused to take the bet, saying that the steaks were too high. ", "Dear Autocorrect, No one uses the word 'ducking', absolutely no one. ", "If a tree falls in the forest and crushes a mime, does it make a sound? ", "People are often shocked when they find out I'm not a very good electrician. ", "Of course people tell you to be on the path of Good, imagine the traffic jam on the path of Evil? ", "I love Jamaican interior designers to decor. ", "\"mLaughing with the lizards, crawling with the snakes. [removed]", "It's accrual world, but I'm willing to invest in you ", "Kobe Flyn\u2019t ", "I love water so much that I don't want it to be around me while I'm drunk. ", "I believe a lot of conflict in the Wild West could have been avoided if the cowboy architects had just made their towns big enough for everyone. ", "There's a 'k' in dark and not a 'c' because you can't see in the dark. ", "The best way to make holy water is by boiling the hell out of it. ", "I admired my Indian friend's headwear, so I said to him \"Dude, Sikh turban\" ", "The winner of the annual office Minesweeper competition has been fired after accepting the prize ", "I often have feelings of irrelevance and want to talk to someone about it, but can't find anyone that will speak to me. ", "When I see ads on TV with smiling, happy housewives using a new cleaning product, the only thing I want to buy are the meds they must be on. ", "When the judge sentenced me to death, I tried to high five him, but he just left me hanging. ", "I've avoided abstinence for 85 days now. ", "My wife asked me to get some pills to help me get an erection, so I bought her some diet pills. ", "we all come from inbreeders since there was a first living cell on Eart ", "it\u2019s ok id you make a mistake, look at all of the mistakes our parents created ", "There is literally nothing worse than hyperbole. ", "A surgeon who leaves the field and then returns should be called a re-surgion. ", "I used to think seances were a waste of time until I went to one with my gran; seeing her panic made it completely worth it. ", "Waking up is the second hardest thing in the morning. ", "I have a stepladder. I never knew my real ladder ", "Coarse toilet paper is a pain in the ass [deleted]", "Cassettes had a side A and side B. Therefore, it was logical that its successor would be the CD.", "Woke up with a terrible hangover .. isn't it awful when your cocks so big it hangs over the edge of the bed ", "Shakespeare made many plays on words but he had no plays on words. ", "Walking out of the hardware store with some washers I thought, \u201cah nuts, I forgot something again!\u201d ", "How scary would it be if the voice inside your head stopped working? ", "She wanted some peace so he gave Herpes [deleted]", "There is something wrong with the law, I think it's broken. ", "I can never remember the number after three, I\u2019m really fourgetful. ", "I told my son to put down the toilet seat, so he walked over to it and said, \"You stink!\" ", "I love talking about the future as much as the next guy. ", "god loves you but thinks you'd be better off worshiping someone else ", "I've got a runaway heart, and I need to brake it myself before it gets broken by someone else. ", "They say make up sex is the best which is lucky, because all my sex is made up. ", "\"Don't Stop Me Now\" isn't the best song to be blaring when you're driving near a police car. ", "My eye doctor is as corneas hell. ", "I thought I saw a monster under my bed but it turns out it was just an energy drink. ", "A day without sunshine is like, you know, night. -Steve Martin ", "Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is so stupid, blondes are now making jokes about her ", "I like my coffee like I like my women; ground up and in a bag. ", "Think about how much deeper the ocean would be if there were no sponges growing in it. ", "To say, \"half of one, six dozen of the other,\" is to make a gross error. Before anyone says \"six dozen is not a gross,\" remember the other side of the ratio is a *half.*", "I dont know how to improv so ill have to figure it out at the time ", "I lost everything in a house fire except a bet. ", "In America police dogs are K 9.... In China, dogs are E 10. ", "The only reason sex takes longer than to stick it in once is the penis evolved to be too stupid to know if its stuck in a hot woman vs some other hole ", "i took the shell of my racing snail trying to speed it up. if anything, it made him more sluggish. ", "I put the sexy in dyslexic. ", "\u201cDO NOT TOUCH\u201d must be one of the most terrifying things to read in braille. ", "Sodomy with French bread is a real pain in the ass ", "Lecturer: \"have any of you heard of pavlov's dogs?\" Student: \"... It rings a bell.\" ", "I loathe people who keep dogs. They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves. ", "I heard the captain of the yacht was a sales manager. ", "\"Why's it called dry humping if I always need a towel after?\" by Bo Burnham", "The grenade industry is booming. ", "I was going to tell a banana joke, but it's not appealing. ", "A cop just knocked on my door and told me that my dogs were chasing people on bikes. My dogs don't even own bikes... ", "Do vegetarians eat animal crackers? ", "My Dad told me to invest my money in bonds, so I bought 100 copies of Goldfinger. ", "I\u2019m worried something is wrong with my nervous system. ", "I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain. ", "only an asshole would say your own name to you, as if you didnt know [deleted]", "Amputations cost an arm and a leg ", "Three rights walked into a bar They left", "My doctor told me I desperately needed to lose 100 pounds to better my health so I bought 50 National Lottery Lotto tickets from England. ", "I like to have a champagne toast and tap glasses together because my fetish is being klinky. ", "My colleague can no longer attend next week\u2019s Innuendo Seminar, so I have to fill her slot. ", "It's really hard to take women with false eyelashes seriously, It's like watching 2 tarantulas scream for attention. ", "I can't believe Pretzels are knot bread. ", "I\u2019ve been thinking of writing a mystery novel or have I? ", "I was masturbating when I heard you call for help, so I came as fast as I could. ", "My buddy invited me to go fishing, but I said heck no when he told me the fish were biting. ", "Get rich quick scheme Stand outside theatres this weekd and ask people for 5 bucks in exchange of not spoiling the end of Endgame for them.", "I was gonna tell you a time travel joke but you didn't like it. ", "If I were a function(), would you call me? ", "You could stand to lose 5 pounds......but running is more effective. ", "My friend was decapitated and his wife said I should have been more prepared, but I didn't think : a head?! ", "Distant drums. You can\u2019t beat \u2018em! ", "Someone once told me I had an old soul, but I realized they were just looking at my Keds ", "I decided to invest my money in Bonds, so I bought the DVD box set. ", "I don't like furniture ads...they're just shameless shelf-promotion. ", "My wife said Demi Levato got engaged and her rock was huge, and I asked if she was talking about her ring or... ", "I was raised as an only child, which really annoyed my sister ", "That new song about fishing sure has a catchy hook. ", "I winced when the doctor pulled the needle out; I still don't know how it got up my anus. ", "Do women shake the gas pump after filling up, or is it just a man thing? ", "Alcohol...because sometimes the truth needs a laxative. ", "Jet lag is a terminal illness. ", "I went along to the local Kleptomaniacs Anonymous meeting, but all the seats were taken. ", "Two fish in a tank, One says: \u2018How do you drive this thing? ", "He who tells one too many lightbulb jokes quickly burns out. [deleted]", "Etiquette: knowing that it's inappropriate to ask \"what's shakin?\" when meeting Micheal J. Fox. ", "COVID-19: The pandemic that causes funeral homes to have a 'back to school' sale. ", "Tried anal once, not all it's cracked up to be. ", "If people still need the voicemail announcement to tell them how to leave a message, I don't want to talk to them, anyway. ", "The patron saint of poverty is St. Nickeless. ", "Autocorrect makes me say things I didn't nintendo. ", "I look so much better without my glasses on! ", "I wanted to see the geysers, but I'm not good in high pressure situations ", "Hmmmm, I love smoothies.....so much nicer than hairies !! ", "When the Wind Stops does that mean it Blew Away? [removed]", "You can\u2019t be a rebel without a cause...because your parents slept togheter, there is your cause. [deleted]", "The bar is so low that Satan serves drinks at it ", "If you can't make both ends meet then make one end a vegetable. ", "I recently learned some new terminology for certain types of flowers. Mums the word ", "I went to see a great tribute band last night called The Pretenders. ", "I'm so good at sleeping, that I can do it with my eyes closed. ", "A person who questions why they are swimming in a river is in denial. ", "I have my reservations about Paradise City if the first thing you brag about is the color of the grass. ", "Killing Diabetics? Hey... Piece of Cake. ", "The scientist was thrown off the jury for demanding they repeat the trial to make sure it gets the same result \n", "I keep all the corpses of my parents' dead sisters around, and they keep me from getting sick... auntie bodies, y'know. ", "Things you'll never hear a woman say, \"My, what a lovely scrotum!!\" ", "Nitrous oxide is no laughing matter. [deleted]", "MeToo# hasn\u2019t peaked until tina fey remakes scarface ", "A cat ate some cheese and waited for a mouse with baited breath. ", "Humans don't have forelegs because we don't have four legs. ", "How comes all the winners of Miss Universe are from earth ? ", "Seven days of having anal sex makes a whole week. ", "I\u2019m a tunnel enthusiast through and through. ", "All the money I give to my insurance guy and he has the audacity to call himself 'broker'. ", "I was at a restaurant and I saw a sign that said 'No Dogs, No Waitresses'. I thought, 'That's a bit of a problem, I'll just order a pizza'. ", "Never eat more than you can lift. - Miss Piggy [removed]", "god shuts down user reviews after heaven gets a 1 star rating ", "You wouldn't know how to pour piss out of a boot if the instructions we're on the heel. ", "I've got a friend with one eye bigger than the other; his name's Iain. [deleted]", "You must have been born on a highway cos' that's where most accidents happen. ", "My carbon monoxide detector won\u2019t stop beeping, and its giving me a headache and dizziness and nausea. ", "Primitive technologies rock! ", "I am optimistic that my friend will come out of the surgery , not sure about the patient . ", "Grow old or die trying. ", "You decorate a canoe for Christmas with oar-naments. ", "I switched careers and became a mime and I can't tell you how much happier I am! ", "When women wear bikinis, men are considerate enough to only look at the covered parts. ", "Us humans get relaxed by listening to birds screaming for sex ", "Went to the bathroom earlier and took a poo....not sure whose it was, but it's mine now. ", "I parked my car next to a sketchy Nascar track and all my tires were stolen in 2 seconds. ", "I don't understand metaphors very well. Sometimes I'm so far off base, I have to swim to shore. ", "I've just been on Trip Advisor. There's fuck all information about a twisted ankle or a grazed knee. ", "So what if I don't know what the word apocalypse means. it's not like it's the end of the world. ", "I've been singing the nursery rhyme Head, Shoulders Knees N toes missing out.... \"And eyes and ears And mouth and nose\" #beatcoronavirus ", "I tried to have a threesome once, but the other two never came. ", "My dad was a Minotaur, my mom was a Mermaid and I got both human half\u2019s. ", "I had a wonderful childhood, which is tough because it\u2019s hard to adjust to a miserable adulthood. ", "If you want your water bed to be more bouncy, use spring water. ", "As a kid I was stupid.But after years of learning, I accept ed it ", "That awkward moment between life and death ", "Do you think that when realtors show the last house to potential buyers say \"Last and certainly not Leased\"? ", "I did a gig in a fertility clinic, I got a standing ovulation. ", "Bill Burr is a pretty cool comedian. ", "My new job as a crane operator has been very uplifting. ", "Rudolph the red nose reindeer teaches kids the important lesson that people don\u2019t like you until they find you\u2019re useful to them ", "I'm not sure what FOMO means, but I fear I'm missing out on something. ", "Virgin jokes are painfully bad. ", "I would give extra points to make a straight line longer. ", "If our President was a Muppet; he would be, a Trumpet. ", "Say what you want about deaf people [deleted]", "Police were called to a daycare where a three-year-old was resisting a rest. ", "I used to be indecisive, but nowadays I'm not exactly sure ", "A couple years ago my therapist told me I had problems letting go of the past. ", "Someone said I had a strong confirmation bias, but I like to think they are wrong. Just thought of this one while watching a moon landing conspiracy video. ", "My New Year's resolution is to give up gambling and I bet you a tenner I could do it in a month. ", "Hello and welcome to Pointless Club, you are now free to leave. ", "I did my personal best in the 100 metres.yesterday....... 85 metres. ", "The passing of the four seasons is my favorite day of the year here in Ireland. ", "They called me mad, but when this virus thing started I cornered the market in FloBees! ", "We have no aspirin sorry, only the parrots ate 'em all. ", "Learning sign language can be a pretty handy skill. ", "I had a wonderful evening, but this wasn't it. [deleted]", "Are there a lot of first-person singular objective pronouns, or is it just me? ", "What's the deal with valentine's day , it's only a date ", "If a sheep and a crow had sex, would their baby be a creep? ", "if nothing is impossible then how am i doing nothing nowadays ", "The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait ", "My girlfriend was hit by a bus, and the hardest part of the whole ordeal was having to learn how to drive a bus. ", "While walking away from certain conversations, I secretly wish I had more than two middle fingers. [deleted]", "My fear of moving stairs is escalating. ", "Patrick should be the star of SpongeBob Squarepants. ", "I like my women like I like my coffee. Compressed into a plastic pod and brewed one cup at a time. ", "I went to the pub last night dressed as a tennis ball. I got served right away. ", "Bee careful, typos can sting! ", "Watt is the unit of power? ", "Public healthcare budgets limit the number of knee replacements each year, but elbows aren't capped. Low budget joke, don't get your nose out of joint.", "My friend couldn't afford to pay his huge water bill, so I sent him a \"Get 'Well' Soon\" card. ", "The idea that as I get older my brain might one day turn into mush is just un...think...y ", "Man with authority walks into a bar and orders everyone a round. ", "My cousin took a ruler to bed to see how long he could sleep for. ", "Rain or shine I\u2019ll put up that roof asbestos I can ", "Never take the 'P' out of a pirate..... as he becomes very angry. ", "It's not who you know that's important, it's how your wife found out. ", "I was at the Apple store today when it got robbed, so I guess that makes me an iWitness. ", "I once met a knighted British veterinarian who works on the Queen's caviar-bearing fish. His card said \"Sir John Spurgeon, Sturgeon Surgeon.\" ", "\"I think I'm getting too old for this,\" said Father Time. ", "When it comes to screwing up a punchline, I've been there, done that, got the tea cup. ", "Slow-cooking is delaying the inedible. ", "The best therapists don't have any patients ", "Good sex can correct poor posture, or at least make it stand up straight ", "I read that alligators can grow up to 15 feet, but I've never seen one with more than 4. ", "*how long*is a Chinese name [deleted]", "This year I\u2019m having an 80s themed birthday party, just going to be me doing a shitload of cocaine. ", "Would a $1,000 door be a grand entrance? ", "So, I ordered a sex toy on line. It was so good, even the mail came. ", "I told my wife that she drew her eyebrows on too high. She seemed surprised. ", "My Grand-Brother thinks incest is so awesome that he gave it 4 thumbs up. ", "God agreed not to watch me in the bathroom so thats where I keep my severed heads ", "Sardonic vegetarians are wry on ham ", "Taking pictures in a vacation really makes it an unforgettable experience ", "I saw a homeless guy and gave him $1...I saw a homeless woman and gave her $0.77c ", "Everyone's political views are a trolling shitpost to someone ", "69% of people find something dirty in every sentence. ", "I'm so broke I can't even afford to pay attention ", "I tried to learn the Trumpet, but I blew it. ", "To whoever stole my antidepressants, I hope you're happy. ", "Any guy named Richard will be 'Dick'ed over his whole life. ", "A McDonald's employee was arrested today for serving 40 year old meat in 8 year old buns. ", "Constipated people are full of shit ", "Is it ignorance or apathy? Hey, I don't know and I don't really care ", "You don't need a flair for reddit ", "My friend bought the most expensive iPhone. Guess he had an XS amount of money. ", "My local bakery have started opening currant accounts ", "I'm always right - I thought I was wrong once, but it turned out I was mistaken. ", "Imagine eating Post Malones butt hole that's what 2020 taste like. ", "Do you think mosquitos compete with each other for who can make this human slap himself more without dying? ", "My friend was asking for game recommendations, but wouldn't take nioh for an answer. ", "I took a picture of a field of wheat, it turned out too grainy. ", "I saw a lot of police at the bakery, but muffin was going on. ", "I don't like when my cab driver goes the extra mile for me. ", "A group of necrophiliacs draw straws. ", "Eating more herbs raises your basil metabolic rate. ", "The cars of politicians have airbags in the front and douche-bags in the back. ", "I invented a new word today: plagiarism. ", "These corduroy pillows are making headlines. ", "People say that weightlifters aren't opinionated, but I strongly disagree. ", "Fear is when subconsciously you dont admit a bad thing could happen even though logically you know it could ", "The doctor told the patient to use a Q-tip and it went in one ear and out the other. ", "Vandals destroyed many road signs in my neighborhood - they really pulled out all the stops. ", "Indoor trampoline injuries are through the roof ", "I got off in court so they locked me up. ", "Virgins cant be rapists so the ceremony to become a born-again virgin seems a loophole ", "I checked my receipt and I didn't buy any of your lies. ", "Mould isn't just important, it's a must. ", "When I couldn't pay, the cobbler said \"shoo,\" which I replied \"I'm broke, not dumb.\" ", "Having faith is not reasonable. ", "I had terrible internet connection on my farm, till I moved the modem to the barn and now I have stable WiFi. ", "I just ordered separate home deliveries of chicken and eggs. I'll keep you posted. ", "I\u2019ve been off my OCD meds for 6 months, 4 days, 7 hours and 19 minutes ", "There is no going back, once you are in retreat. ", "Yes sir, it fits like a glove, but I actually ordered a shirt. ", "I hate it when people show a strong dislike to something. ", "Saw two small insects running away to get married on the back of an antelope. [deleted]", "I own the world\u2019s worst thesaurus. Not only is it awful, it\u2019s awful. ", "I\u2019m gonna name my son after my grandpa, which will be unique because you don\u2019t hear about many kids named Grandpa. ", "Cups are a collector's item for homeless people. ", "Legume makes a leg out of you and me. [deleted]", "There is a lengthy article on Japanese Sword Fighters, but I can Samurais it for you. ", "If a pig loses its voice does it become disgruntled? ", "Bono and The Edge walk into a bar, the barman says, \"Not U2 again!!\" ", "I\u2019m on a vodka diet; I\u2019ve lost three days already. ", "No Brag... Just Fact If there is Booger on the Blanket I will Find It [removed]", "Keep an eye out for pirates. ", "I\u2019m glad I know sign language, It\u2019s pretty handy. ", "My mom tried to raise my dog to help on the farm, it didn't work. ", "There are lots of ups and down of being an elevator technitian ", "Charlie tuned into his concert for which he had to atone. ", "Why should we appreciate gays [removed]", "A friend suffered an extreme reaction to cheese which resulted in having part of his foot amputated... now he has a major lactose problem. ", "My brother\u2019s allergic to peanuts, so as a prank I put a bunch of bubblegum in his hair. [deleted]", "/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest! (#8, October 2017) [deleted]", "My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the local zoo. ", "Every damn baby kangaroo is named Joey. ", "A journey under a thousand miles begins with a single stop. ", "Life is like a box of chocolates. It doesn\u2019t last long if you\u2019re fat. ", "Victims say the darndest things. -Bill Cosby ", "My husband's always bugging me to try anal ", "I've spent weeks studying the periodic table and I still can't find the element of surprise &amp;#x200B;", "They already shaped the display cardboards for my first day on the job, so I had my work cut out for me ", "Absenteeism is becoming less present. ", "Womens rights ", "A face tattoo is actually the ultimate display of wealth, as it represents never having to work another real job for the rest of your life. ", "My friend has a villa in the south of France that he claims is in St-Laurent-du-Var - It's really Nice. [deleted]", "What did Ahmed say when asked about his sudden fame for building his clock? [deleted]", "A glow worm is never glum because how can you be grumpy when the sun shines out your bum? ", "I get my large circumference from too much pi. ", "I'm not always smart, but when I am, it's not often ", "If you're feeling down, perhaps you just need a new pillow! ", "Once, I forgot to replace \\r\\n with &lt;br/&gt; in an HTML document. ", "Gotta hand it to a blind hooker. ", "\"The last thing I want to do is get us killed\" I said as I drove into oncoming traffic. (Hopefully this counts as a oneliner, my apologies if it doesn't)", "I held a meeting for premature ejaculators, the letter I sent out read \"casual attire, meeting starts at 6pm\" but every one still came early in their nicest pants. ", "Best offer: Your Job done First - Professional Craigslist Hacker For Hire [removed]", "I got home quite late night, and I really didn't want to wake my girlfreind up so I put some French pancakes on my feet and Cr\u00eaped up the stairs.... ", "Samson was a biblical tough guy, but his dad Samsonite was even more of a hard case. ", "I'm not sure what shocked my mailman more, the fact that I came to the door completely naked, or the fact that I knew where he lived. ", "Erectile dysfunction ruined my fucking moment. ", "Some people's sole purpose in life is to serve as a warning to others. ", "Call me bigoted if you like, but I'd rather have a Swedish blow up doll than an Islamic one. ", "2020 America, a time and a place, where you get arrested for opening your business, but not for looting businesses. ", "Someone tell me definition of \"delegation\". [deleted]", "I was doing crazy things before I became deranged. ", "Keep your distance Give a man an inch and he'll take a mile... Give a man a mile and at least the greedy bastard will be so far away that you won't have to deal with him anymore.", "If you dont own territory you're always an extra terrestrial ", "Refusing to go to the gym counts as resistance training, doesn't it? ", "I worry about my nan. If she's alone and falls, does she make a noise? I'm joking, she's dead. ", "I wonder how things worked out for that guy who grabbed the bull by the horns. ", "The welfare office wants you dead but the tax office wants you to live a long time ", "If I dated a blind woman, I'd tell her I'm ugly. Ugly and ethical. ", "I was going to make a joke about bad glue, but it just doesn't stick right. ", "Whenever I try to pick up a girl they usually tell me to put them down. ", ". What you seek is seeking you.\n-Rumi", "I really appreciated my African zoology class because I then knew new gnu facts. ", "For those who say money can't buy you happiness - You have obviously never paid for a divorce. ", "Curious how everone talks about \u00ab a shoe \u00bb when sneezing, it\u2019s not fair to gloves. ", "People who buy sex dolls are fucking dummies ", "My extra sensitive toothpaste gets upset when I use a different kind. ", "In a landmark move, New York City has announced they will be pushing the Statue of Liberty 30 meters north ", "Vacuums suck, or they suck. ", "I crack good drug puns. ", "Only losers spend any time with diets. ", "Local Shingles looking to be nailed. ", "I'm not a big fan of nuns, they carry bad habits. ", "That joke about never getting old jokes getting old got old real fast. [deleted]", "Do they still have disposable cameras or have they finally been thrown away? ", "Teen mortality rates are high among dogs. ", "@women: If it\u2019s too cold, get back in the kitchen. [removed]", "I went on the NORAD Santa tracker last week before Christmas... he was at a strip club in Atlanta... doing \"research\" on the naughty list. ", "A bad cardiothoracic surgeon always puts their entire heart into their work. ", "I heard that Richard Moll just turned 70 last month. I think that is Bull. ", "My wife told me she\u2019s thinking about writing a book, I told her that\u2019s a novel idea. ", "Why don't kleptomaniacs understand sarcasm? They always take things literally. ", "Skeletons never fight because they don't have the guts. ", "The best way When I read these oneliners to myself, I do so in Mitch Hedberg's voice.", "You will spend 1/7th of your life on a Tuesday. [removed]", "I bought a berry nice hat - it looks grape! ", "Whoever stole my Ambien: I will not rest until I find you! ", "I was going to write a novel about an ex-con, but I took him out of context. ", "They told me I had type A blood, but it was a type O. ", "In archery class, I tried to use a broken arrow, but it was pointless. ", "Money can't but you love, but thankfully I kept the receipt. ", "It gets awkward when you're telling a pigeon to go away outside a shoe shop !!! ", "Truth be said: I lie everytime. ", "When will we come to our census and figure out how many people are in the country? ", "Teach a man with Alzheimer's to fish, and he'll eat for a day. ", "I write songs about condoms, I'm in a rubber band. ", "thats racist against the Human race ", "Purchasing Viagra is the best way to stimulate the economy ", "Fathers are like boomerangs.... I hope ", "There is no I in denial ", "A kleptomaniac grabbed a blender to take it for a spin. ", "I can't get my wife to either spit or swallow, but last night, with the help of a straw, I finally got her to succumb. ", "My wife has just taught the car a new trick. She got it to roll over yesterday. ", "I wanted to be a werewolf for Halloween, but it is too late noouuuuuuww! ", "My wife wanted me to stop doing my impression of a flamingo, so I had to put my foot down ", "Joke's on her, my fetish is fake orgasms. ", "I had to give up my vegetarian diet because it turns out, they're a lot harder to catch than cows. ", "I mate modern music; too much sax and violins [deleted]", "58.37% of statistics are carefully executed using recent research. ", "One of my personalities has a multiple personality disorder ", "A detective is driving around in an unmarked car. The car hasn't been spotted yet. branee net 002-Staying-Correct.html#2", "Thanks for explaining the word 'many' to me, it means a lot! ", "I'm not a racist, I love everyone, whether you're black, yellow, red, brown, or normal! ", "I have a strange feeling throwing my boomerang will come back to haunt me... ", "Best place to meet someone with a smoking hot body is the burn ward at the hospital ", "Shame on you for wanting to be proud of yourself! ", "Immortal? I wouldn't be caught dead being immortal. ", "I dont always roll a joint, but when I do its usually my ankle ", "Day 1 of short term memory loss. ", "Whiteboards are truly remarkable ", "A well executed theft without leaving any fingerprints, is a stain-less steal. ", "Monsters I thought I saw a monster under my bed but it turns out it was just an energy drink.", "My boss said he\u2019s going to fire the worker with the worst posture and I\u2019ve got a hunch, it might be me. ", "She had come to service his laptop, but his power cable snapped when engaging the RAM. ", "I ordered a box of food online, but it wasn't a whole box as it didn't have six sides. ", "Podiatrists have seen way more balls than I ever will. ", "Nobody in their right mind would vote Labour. ", "If there was a picture of every Richard in the world, we'd be able to see what the average Dick looks like. ", "So I can't pronounce Native American tribe names, Si-oux me. [deleted]", "Time flies like an arrow, Fruit Flies likes bananas. ", "Pardon My French, but I surrender. ", "Valentines Day is just to celebrate V getting some D ", "Whenever someone asks what state I live in, I say: \"Confusion\" ", "I asked the German philosopher what sex would be if we removed fear, he told me the answer was zwei. [deleted]", "What's brown and sticky? A stick. ", "There's nothing like individuality. ", "My wife says I listen to Michael Jackson too much but I don't stop 'til I get enough. ", "I have two conflicting grammar teachers and sometimes I don't know whom to believe. ", "A midget and a dwarf have very little in common. ", "How cavemen didnt know about viruses, people today think about computer privacy and security ", "With grate power, comes lots of shredded cheese. ", "The price of chess sets has gone up across-the-board. ", "Dolphins are just gay sharks [deleted]", "I really fancy my therapist, she makes me feel a tease. ", "\"Old McDonald had a farm!\" sang the cheery repossession man. ", "I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting larger. Then it hit me. ", "I think my shoes might be laced, because I've been tripping all day. ", "Someone please please tell me what FOMO stands for. ", "There's a high demand for drugs. ", "When I was on acid, I actually tasted colors, it tasted a lot like paint. [deleted]", "I'm a little short on breath, because it has been a long day and I've been breathing all the time. ", "Tried to compete in a quick draw competition, but no matter what I did I couldn't finish drawing anything before getting shot. ", "\"The Civil War was an inside job!!\" ", "I want to kill myself every time my suicide jokes make things awkward. ", "I could never cheat in a relationship, because that would require two people to find me attractive. ", "A rapist in the hand is better than two in the bush. [deleted]", "Hard work pays off in the future, laziness pays off now. ", "Is my girlfriend dissatisfied with my body? ... A small part of me says yes ", "I wish I'd copyrighted plagiarism ", "I bought some manure bags for the garden, it's cheaper than a lounger. ", "I've been held back in math class more times than I can count ", "The problem with sex in the movies is that the popcorn usually spills ", "The Amish go to Internet Hell where theres no Internet, and later they die. ", "Team work is important; it helps to put the blame on someone else. ", "I used to work in search and rescue, which I always had a flare for ", "Without the big bang nothing matters ", "Racist jokes are like black people. They're not good. [removed]", "My Viagra addiction was the hardest time of my life. ", "Halloween is the night of whores [deleted]", "The trick to a good abortion joke is in the delivery. ", "Having sex while camping must be fucking in tents ", "If security is posted at the Samsung store, does that make them Guardians of the Galaxy? ", "Budweiser can't afford the company's private plane this year. It's just not in the budget. ", "When a quarterback loses their job are they sacked? ", "A man before marriage, is a dude, but a man after marriage, is subdued. ", "I'm working on getting six pack abs by drinking a six pack twice a day. ", "If you want to make gold soup, just put 24 carrots in it. ", "Where do Joy Division live? At the Love Will Terrace Apartments.", "I may not be able to celebrate Valentines Day, but at least I have Palm Sunday to look forward to. ", "I know it's cheesy, but I feel grate! ", "Is anyone else expecting Elon Musk &amp; PewDiePie to admit the whole COVID thing is an awful, collaborative April fools joke that just got out of hand? ", "That joke about never getting jokes old getting old got old real fast. [deleted]", "I used to think I had a Japanese friend, but it was just my imagine Asian. ", "Plungers are like back-ups. Always make sure you have one, not that you need one", "Everyone on earth is running around with no life since no one can respawn ", "For some people, counting isn't as easy as 1, 3, 4 ", "My builder kept hinting that he was going to replace my faulty driveway, but he wouldn't give me anything concrete. ", "I was going to start an annuity, but decided to play it by year. ", "If a dentist makes his money off people with unhealthy teeth, why should I trust a toothpaste that 4 out of 5 dentists recommend? ", "Meh. Vegetables which fall from space are only mediokra ", "I tried to make French bread, but it was a pain. ", "I got fired from my job as a taxi driver because it turns out, my customers didn't like it when I tried to go the extra mile. ", "How many hookers does it take to change a President? ", "I was wondering why looters would target Target, then it dawned on me... \"Bullseye\". ", "Once I saw a truck sign which said \"Truck Drivers wanted. Over 2000lbs\" And I thought, where can they even find such heavy drivers?... ", "You weren't an accident, you were a mistake ", "You're so pretty it makes me want to masturbate (instead of sex with you) ", "The shovel was a groundbreaking innovation. ", "We'll we'll we'll, if it isn't auto correct. ", "Beauty is in the eye of the hurricane. ", "I have a joke about involuntary celebacy but you won't get it. ", "Lorena Bobbitt enjoys cutting people off because... Well, people are dicks! ", "Dyslexics are teeple poo. ", "Darth Vader traveled with his friend Ella Vader. ", "Eating a Tide Pod is not suicide, it's suiTide. ", "how long is [deleted]", "Frankenstein entered his creation into a bodybuilding contest and soon realised that he had completely misunderstood the concept. ", "Being hyperbolic is literally my biggest fear. ", "If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world. ", "Girl, I\u2019m gonna make them cheeks clap like a live studio audience ", "Conspiracies are a shill, they were made up by the government. ", "A dairy cow that doesn't produce milk is utterly useless. ", "I've always wanted a swimmers body, so I go to the swimming pool everyday.....But no one ever dies. ", "Frigid women don't give a fuck. ", "Since Latin is a dead language, I expect it would be pretty useful in a zombie apocalypse. ", "I signed up for my company's 401K but I don't think I can run that far Credit: Norm MacDonald", "I've just started up a dating site for chickens, I mean, it's not my main job, I'm just doing it to make hens meet. ", "My favourite drink is subtle tea ", "Be patient in line, even a toilet can only handle one asshole at a time. ", "I used to play poker with an origami master, but every hand he folded. ", "Made a zine about making America great again. Called it a magazine. ", "I went to a German massage parlor today and I must say, the whole experience was pretty hans on. ", "You measure a Lego minifigures footsize in square feet. ", "Prince Charles is an eerie guy. ", "Peter Pan was the first to be shadowbanned ", "They should call perfume reodorant. [deleted]", "I'm gonna start a programmers band called \"Panic! at the Kernel\" ", "The importance of wearing cologne [removed]", "Speed dating, very different from dating on speed. ", "My Wife bought tickets to the Giant Clock Museum in Davenport. Iowa, Big Time. ", "If my wife was eye candy, she'd be raisinettes. [deleted]", "Birthdays are nice and all, but too many of them can kill you. ", "You cant buy slaves anymore but you can rent them ", "Nudes is just a fancy word for selfie of your ass ", "\u201cThe words Jumbo Shrimp make about as much sense as the words Elite Yelper.\u201d -Anthony Bourdain ", "When I post a joke and nobody rates it, I just presume they all died from laughter. ", "The waist is a terrible thing to mind. ", "There are two types of people in the world: those who can extrapolate from incomplete data. ", "My wife got mad just because I hoovered up her contact lenses; well, I guess she WAS wearing them at the time. ", "There's actually only one Bernie Sanders bumper sticker and we all take turns sharing it. ", "I caught my teenage son drinking... how do I nip this in the Bud before he goes wild? [removed]", "The only difference between a weekday and a weekend is which boss is telling me to do things. ", "a dog gave birth on the side of a road, and was given a ticket for littering. ", "I accidentally won the dance competition while pouring another drink. ", "I was about 12 when my mom told me that Santa Claus was my father. I'm not sure if she ever told my dad. ", "I got punched in the mouth by a crazed drug addict today and now my jaw\u2019s all methed up. ", "A bird without a plan just wings it. ", "Dead batteries are free of charge! ", "I can take all my clothes, pile them to the ceiling then take off my shoes and jump over them. ", "Don't believe adverbs, most of them are a ly. ", "Think about it - every single corpse on Mt. Everest was once a highly motivated person. . Stay lazy my friends", "Thanks for explaining the word \"many\" to me, it means a lot. ", "People are waiting for a solution to air pollution with bated breath. ", "I thought I was having delusions of grandeur, but it turns out I'm much, much better than that. ", "The only thing flat-earthers fear, is sphere itself. ", "A smoking section in a restaurant is like a peeing section in a pool. ", "Before Mother Mary was around, some women claimed to have given birth to Jesus but were dismissed by the Church as Prima Donnas. ", "Standing in the park today wondering why does a frisbee appear larger the closer it gets... And then it hit me.", "if you pretend to be a terrorist with blood dripping from your machinegun you're really good at halloween ", "I had an accident in the upholstery factory, but it's okay. I'm fully recovered now. ", "February can't March, but April May. ", "My four year old grandson has been learning Spanish all year but still can\u2019t say please, which I think is poor for four ", "The difference between a good meal and a good time is where you put the cucumber ", "My wife has taught the car a new trick, she got it to roll over yesterday. ", "The invention of the wheel started a revolution ", "Short term memory loss, the gift that keeps on giving ", "Quitting smoking is easy; I\u2019ve done it plenty of times. ", "It's so annoying when someone says the name of a song and it gets stuck in your head all day. Like Rhinestone Cowboy. ", "The word 'conspiracy' has the word 'piracy' in it...coincidence? I think not! ", "I just asked my husband if he remembers what today is... Scaring men is easy. ", "One Liner I don\u2019t know if I should make a joke about gambling. It\u2019s risky, but I\u2019ll take a chance.", "Apparently, they're not making shortbread any longer. ", "The best Christmas present is a broken drum, because you just can't beat it. ", "Shovels were a groundbreaking discovery. ", "I had plans to begin reading a book about sinkholes but they fell through. ", "People say the cemetery is cursed, but I've not seen a single ghost or ghoul in all the 136 years I've worked here! ", "My poor knowledge of Greek mythology has always been my Achilles elbow. ", "I don't know how far away my spatial awareness class is. ", "The Dalai Lama must find it impossible to email memes, because he does not have any attachments. [deleted]", "You need brains to be a neurosurgeon. ", "Clones are people, too [deleted]", "The Dyslexia Organization of America, in partnership with the Emergency First Responders Organization, is proud to announce its new medical emergency hotline: just dial 119 ", "The prettier a font you use, the more people will believe the words, which is why its undisputable that money cards with holograms are the real deal ", "You should make like Eminem and Lose Yourself. ", "If it weren't for court dates, I wouldn't have any dates at all. ", "If a kleptomaniac sees another kleptomaniac, do they double take? ", "Can anyone think of a good acronym for the newly formed Conservative and Unionist Negotiation Team to go to brussels? ", "Watching a video on apiculture is the next bee sting to being there! ", "I bought some serving spoons, but they haven't made me any better at tennis. ", "TIL that humans eat more bananas than monkeys which must be true; I can't ever remember eating a monkey. ", "Yes, I ejaculate early. But, my wife should love me despite my short cummings. ", "\"My mother was always pulling my leg, that's why one is six inches longer than the other.\" ", "I'm here to self deprecate and chew bubble gum, and I forgot to bring gum because I'm the worst. ", "I'm so good with horses that you can say I'm a stable genius. ", "My dictionary goes in chronological order. [deleted]", "[FRE\u0415] Online-D\u0430ting = Se\u0445 \u043en the First Date [removed]", "As a kid I was made to walk the plank because we couldn't afford a dog. ", "Smoking marijuana for arthritis pain is joint support for joint support. ", "Tequila won't fix your life but it's worth a shot. ", "It's a dirty job but somebody's got to stop doing it ", "Every \"yo mama\" joke has been done thousands of times by thousands of different people...kinda like yo mama. ", "(Saluting my girl immediately after sex) Thank you for your cervix. ", "My friend said he didn't understand cloning. I said \"That makes two of us\" ", "I hate peer pressure and you should too ", "I tried making an airplane out of twigs and stones, but that didn't fly. ", "All doors go to the school of hard knocks. ", "I barely had sex last year, which beats having it with a condom. ", "Blunt pencils are pointless. ", "Blind man killed due to unforeseen events ", "She criticized my apartment, so I knocked her flat. ", "I was told my gender studies degree would be useless, but I'm already conducting TRANSactions for a billion dollar company some like to call McDonald's. ", "Washing dishes can be very draining. ", "If any one wants to swap bum jokes, I've got piles. ", "Just wondering what the best clothing for decorating is overall. ", "People who pick their scabs are sore losers. ", "Waiter walks up to a table of Jewish mothers. Asks, \"is anything OK?\" ", "Samuel L Jackson As a kid, I didn't understand Samuel L Jackson's obsession with melon farming.", "I gave a cook birthday beets ", "Marry entered the world of sexual promiscuity with a bang. ", "Why is it called a \u2018money shot\u2019 and not a \u2018baby shower\u2019? ", "I for one like Roman numerals. ", "Where does the vampire store his money? The blood bank ", "I have sexdaily!... ohh sorry I meant dyslexia ", "\"Scratch the hand that feeds,\" said the cat. [deleted]", "Notorious for stealing office supplies, my co-worker has been dubbed the Rubber Bandit. [deleted]", "One liner jokes Approach a woman in a bar and whisper \"Hey, wanna get out of here?\" If she says yes, you can sit where she was.", "I bought a new bike but I still need to pedal my old one. ", "Dear Satan, all I want for Christmas is a cure for my dyslexia. ", "Dark humor is like food, some people dont have any ", "I am, by far, the humblest person on this thread. ", "Dyslexia So this dyslexic guy walked into a bra", "Don't bring an axe to a circumcision. It always creates a bad impression. ", "I regret pouring so much ketchup in my eyes, but Heinz sight is 20/20. ", "Was dancing like crazy on the bar in my local boozer tonight! bartender told me to get down. [deleted]", "A rocket always backfires for the launch! ", "A woman is like dirt If you don\u2019t get her wet, she\u2019ll slip through your fingers!", "The sorriest rapper is probably from Canada ", "What's made of leather and sounds like a sneeze?............A Shoe. ", "If you use the word gay in the wrong context, I'm sorry but you're a fucking faggot. [deleted]", "Living in a glass house would be a huge pane. ", "Riot police like to get to work early so they can beat the crowds. ", "I got a part in a movie called Cocaine. I only have the one line though. ", "I guess it just wasn't in Warren's DNA to be President. ", "After I lost a fortune on women, booze and gambling, I spent the rest foolishly. ", "I know this incredible joke about airplanes, but I feel it'd go right over your head ", "I can't find the meaning of nihilism anywhere. ", "A Rabbi walks into a bar mitzvah ", "Everybody wants to change the world, but nobody wants to change the toilet paper roll. ", "A horse walks into a bar. The bartender: Why the long face? ", "I'd tell you about astronomy, but it's way over your head. ", "I asked my girlfriend to suck the life out of me and leave me dry..... She replied \"Yes, I'll definitely marry you.\" ", "Talk about a bad day; First my ex got run over by a Bus and then I got fired from my job as a Bus driver! ", "I must have the coronavirus because these mfs keep testing me. ", "I wondered why the guy next to me was sitting in the Urinal and he told me he had Diarrhea. ", "Most people go to sleep but a kleptomaniac takes a nap. ", "Wouldn\u2019t mind a black hole entering the solar system, my life sucks anyways. ", "Pronouns are often misused in they opinion. ", "Reading someone's palm is a very underhanded thing to do. ", "I'll be fine if I hit the jackpot twice. ", "My grandad always told me as one door closes, another one opens....lovely guy......awful submarine pilot ", "I would rather die than have sex with a necrophiliac. ", "How Long is a Chinese man's name.. ", "My boss hates it when I shorten his name to Dick mostly because his name is Steve. ", "I lived in a flat with three girls until they found out. ", "I've invented a glass coffin. Don't know if it will catch on..... Remains to be seen. ", "Secondhand smoke sucks, there are much better ways to kill someone. ", "Hockey players shower after three periods, unlike your mother. ", "Since we got an indoor trampoline injuries have been through the roof ", "If dentists make money from rotten teeth, why should we buy toothpaste 8 out of 10 dentists recommend ? ", "If I had a dollar for every boring sermon my priest at church gave...I'd actually go. [deleted]", "My friends are alive.... \ud83d\ude22 NOT ANYMORE!!!!!\ud83d\ude2d ", "I\u2019m trying to work on my horrible sense of direction, which is a step in the left direction. ", "I tried to lookup \"impotence\" on the internet, but nothing came up. ", "Caution: Hot Bever Ages ... sorry, Hot Beverages. ", "Everything is possible through the power of our lord and saviour Jesus Fucking Christ ", "Playing on seesaws requires a lot of weighting. ", "I\u2019m thinking about moving to Switzerland, so I made a list of pros and cons. First on my pros list was the flag, cause it\u2019s a big plus. ", "Parking a single car doesn\u2019t need much space, but parking 200 cars, now that needs a lot... ", "Navy seals are the seals that work with the navy. ", "I've always found it interesting you can commit armed robbery without arms... or pants. ", "Fishermen lost a boatload of money in a raw shrimp deal\u2014a total Prawnzi scheme. ", "A chiropractor is a lumbar jack. ", "Dont beat your meat Beat your wife\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n\\-Steve jobs", "I wrote a one liner with two lines. ", "With great power comes great electricity bills. ", "I will take 'Same Stuff / Different Day' category for $1200.00, Alex ", "I had a recurring dream once ", "Sit on my lap and we\u2019ll talk about the first thing that pops up. ", "Ground beef is just another term for a turf war. ", "I heard about a victim getting encased in cement the other day, fortunately there was more than enough concrete evidence to find the suspect ", "Using misleading adjectives gives me a huge, throbbing smile ", "Pig without 3.14 is just 9.8 ", "Roses are Red, Violets are blue. Its Time to Elect, a Socialist Jew. ", "It is indescribable how much I am enjoying my creative writing class. [deleted]", "If you smacked a kid in the face with a bottle of Johnson's no more tears, would it create beautiful irony ? ", "Tesla stocks aren't the only thing taking a hit this week. ", "If was a priest and you were a child, holy fuck. ", "My sister thought her dentist was inappropriate when he tried to get her number while getting her number. ", "I think one of my dads is gay. ", "Conjunctivitis.com a site for sore eyes ", "If Theresa May was violated by Manneken Pis, it would be statue-Tory rape. ", "If I get a Master's in Betting...am I a Master Better [deleted]", "I'm a midget fucker, in short. [deleted]", "I wish I didnt just step in dog shit, and the genie granted my wish, and thats why you never saw the shit and my shoe is so clean look at it ", "I'm giving up the grass and going straight hedge. ", "What\u2019s the secret to comedy timing? ", "As long as there's property tax, all land is a timeshare ", "I'm unsure if I should attend the seminar on decision making. ", "Stevie wonder has a net worth of 110 million, even he agrees that\u2019s a lot of money, but he claims he doesn\u2019t see any of it. ", "The Stockholm disease is the predictor of Sweden's worst nightmare. ", "The consequences of my bad eating habits have started to weigh on me. ", "I found being an electrician interesting, but the work was shocking. ", "There's a German guy who keeps hiding things from me. His name is Alzheimer! ", "Is being gay a pain in the ass? ", "Hedgehogs \u2013 why can\u2019t they just share the hedge? ", "Had to say goodbye to my cat who climbed into the woodchipper. He is truly mist. ", "I tried to join an orchestra, but it seems I'm band for life ", "In this society you gotta have balls to grow a moustache ", "Some people say that the dolphin trainers at Sea World are irresponsible, and that they cause harm on porpoise. ", "People say I drink a lot but I don't remember ever blacking out ", "Mermaids suck. [removed]", "I took the shell of my racing snail to make it go fast, but it didn\u2019t work because if anything \u2014 it made it more sluggish. ", "Just found out that \"elbows\" is not Spanish for \"the bows\". ", "A pi\u00f1ata that doesn't break is broken Cross posted from /u/Showerthoughts. Credit to /u/TheFirstWatermelon. Thought it belonged here too", "Some of my most cultured jokes are about yogurt. ", "If you lose your hearing, is it ear replaceable? ", "Short people are always looked down upon. ", "I didn't like my beard at first, but it's growing on me. ", "Why did the banana lose his drivers license? He peeled out. ", "I used to be great at telling oneliners, but now no seems interested in hearing jokes without the punchline. ", "Damn girl are you a public school? Cause I wanna shoot kids inside you ", "2 Fish in tank, one says to the other \u201chow do you drive this thing?\u201d ", "I don\u2019t want to brag, but I do speak pig Latin; I mean, I\u2019m not fluent, but I\u2019m sure if I ever went there, I could get by. ", "Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity. ", "Julian Assange is free. ", "My girlfriend was prescribed oral contraceptives and I thought \"yay! Blowjobs!\" ", "Watch Kelly Slater teach J.K Rowling in an all new Season of 'SURF N' TERF!' ", "Just read an article about tunnels and subway construction, it was really boring ", "I liked post-malone\u2019s earlier stuff Pre-Malone", "It never hurts to ask, unless you need jaw treatment. ", "If your great-grandmother saw you making boxed mashed potatoes, she would turn over in her gravy. ", "Remember, you cant spell advertisements without semen between the tits. AdverTIsemenTS", "When i told my fellow astronaut that I can\u2019t find any milk for my coffee, he said \u201cIn space, no one can. Here, use cream\u201d ", "The funeral service industry can never die. ", "There are two types of people in this world; those with ADHD, and- OOH a bird!! ", "Will Will Smith smith? Yes! Will Smith will smith. ", "\"You're a malignant cancer,\" the first guy said. His friend replied: \"At least I'm good at what I do.\" Roasted.", "The only way you\u2019ll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken\u2019s ass and wait ", "I'm a Libra, which means I don't give a fuck about horoscopes. ", "You know what they say about cliffhangers... ", "hi 911 Ive just witnessed a murder and will tell you about it for the low price of $500 ", "Avoiding prepositions at the end of sentences is nothing off on of which to slack. ", "Andrew Lloyd Webber's musicals are so amazing that I always feel like I'm one of them... You know, Les Miserables... [deleted]", "Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick. ", "I knew that my gay friend was lying to me because he couldn't keep a straight face. ", "When my wife accused me of being way too self-important, I nearly fell off my throne. ", "\u201cI have a split personality,\u201d said Mike, being frank ", "I spilled barbecue sauce on my foot. Now mosquitoes are on my mesquite toes. ", "I actually learned Morse code, and then I couldn't sleep because the rain kept telling me to go fuck myself. ", "Watching vampires compete is intense, they're always neck and neck. ", "I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. Not sure what they're laced with, but I've been tripping all day. ", "I feel like I am having Deja Vu again. ", "I have a friend named Charlie Nguyen, but we call him VietKong for short. ", "I like Freudian slips as much as the next gay. ", "Time flies like an arrow, but fruit flys like a banana ", "If you want to setup a company and run it then that\u2019s your business. ", "keep a lighter in my back pocket at all times. I'm not a smoker, I just really like certain songs. ", "Incel parties aren't much to celebate. ", "I keep all of my clothes in my dresser...except my feminine clothes, which I keep in my cross-dresser. ", "Our contractor tells us we should build another floor, but that's a story for another time. ", "A will is a dead giveaway. [deleted]", "How come that the word 'short' is actually longer than the word 'long'? ", "You can't have your revenge and heat it too, as it's a dish best served cold. ", "My doctor told me to try pilates...... I heard pie and lattes. ", "It doesn't matter how much you push the envelope it'll still be stationary. ", "I feel vaguely ambivalent about my job at the NSA, but I can't really say why. ", "My wife was furious with me today because I put a stick in a non-stick pan. ", "I am drawn to the mysteries of life, but I cannot say why? ", "I never expected to be so delighted when the thief stole my lamp ", "A dyslexic man walks into a bra. [deleted]", "I was trying not to wake anyone up the other night, so I put some French pancakes on my feet and crep\u00e9d up the stairs... ", "I bought a spotlight, but I still have blackheads. ", "A bookstore is one of the only pieces of evidence we have that people are still thinking. ", "My poor knowledge of greek mythology has always been my achilles elbow ", "I'd give you the short off my back, that is, if I wasn't wearing it. ", "I didn\u2019t think I\u2019d like my sister\u2019s new boyfriend, the hockey player, but it turns out he\u2019s a keeper. ", "If i dance with a polish girl, does it counts as a pole dancing? ", "My friend was so dumb as a kid he tried to climb mountain dew and now has diabetes ", "I was sitting drinking coffee in my slippers this morning, when I thought to myself, I really need to wash some mugs. ", "I only practice safe sex in bank vaults. ", "Imagine an Italian on Aitken\u2019s diet ", "My friend Francine told me she got a sex change, to be Frank. [deleted]", "As a kid, I was made to walk the plank, because we couldn\u2019t afford a dog. ", "I used to be a narcissist, but now look at me! ", "Im not paranoid but if 99% of people are not out to get me and the other 1% are thats 76 million people ", "I've started taking a nap before I go to bed. ", "Dating profiles be like (. .) ( . . ) ( . . ) ( . . ) ( . . ) ", "I find inspiration in cooking my family and my dog. ", "No matter how good you are at tennis, you will never be better than a wall. ", "People who truly love their 6 pack abs, will protect them with a layer of fat. ", "Do I need a masters degree to join the BDSM community? [deleted]", "I am a vegan, not because I love animals, but because I hate plants. ", "It has recently been discovered that research causes cancer in rats. ", "Walking is so pedestrian. ", "College prepares you for real life right away. It puts you in debt. ", "I only play the beginning of games. It builds character ", "When you have an exorcism done to yourself, and you don' pay the bill, your soul gets repossessed. ", "My girlfriend didn't like something I said at breakfast, so she threw her bacon at me, which I thought was kind of a ham-handed response. ", "The greatest thing about most politicians is if they win the others lose ", "I wish everything was as easy as getting fat. ", "I have so little will power that I give up even on watching training montages. ", "\"Thank you for calling the hug hotline...PLEASE HOLD.\" ", "I used to snort coke, but the ice cubes kept getting stuck in my nose. [deleted]", "One of the most wonderful things in life is to wake up and enjoy a cuddle with someone, unless you're in prison. ", "After my circumcision I couldn't walk for a year ", "a crippled god would still win the olympics ", "People call my upstairs area full of prosthetic hearing devices strange or bizarre, but I prefer Ear Attic. ", "Who is this Rorschach guy and why does he keep drawing pictures of my parents having sex? ", "My phone battery is low, but how do I cheer it up? [deleted]", "I don\u2019t like to cast aspersions, but it\u2019s the only way I get to use the word aspersions ", "If theres one thing in life that I can count on, its my fingers. ", "I\u2019ve got viagraphobia and it makes me scared stiff. ", "What is the least spoken language? Sign Language. ", "Migraines are all in your head. ", "I started with nothing, I still have most of it ", "You can't spell subtext without buttsex. ", "A man walks into bar... [deleted]", "Went to the bathroom earlier and took a poo. Not sure whose it was, but it's mine now. \ud83d\udca9 ", "I made a pretty big 'To Do List', so far I haven't found anyone willing to do any of it. ", "Difference between Believer and Atheist is latter still on God's to-do list. branee net 003-Age-Matters.html#3", "This sentence no verb. ", "My own contribution One of the questions in my zoology exam was to identify a solidified fragment of urinary fluid, which was a piece of piss.", "Conjunctivitis.com... that's a site for sore eyes ", "When the inventor of the boat first pitched the idea, they said \"I have an idea that I'd like to float your way\" ", "My friend was late to our cannibal dinner party, so I gave him the cold shoulder ", "Absence made the part grow longer. [deleted]", "I could never get the hang of sitting in a hammock ", "Give me immortality, or give me death! ", "My phone has to wear glasses ever since it lost its contacts. ", "I was going to make a oneliner, but this one's got a period in it. &amp;#x200B;", "\"ok boomer\", said the currant to the elderberry ", "I like to call in sick to places I don't work. Tomorrow I'm getting written up at Wal-Mart. ", "I don\u2019t succumb to peer pressure and neither should you. ", "TIL that a jet-ski is in fact, not a Polish Jet. ", "I got a silver medal in the mediocrity contest ", "In Jamaica, every day is Mon day. ", "I called my kids Lager and Guinness and my wife's bitter. ", "If I had a choice between ending world hunger or watching a mountain lion perform a guitar solo, everybody would eat but I'd regret it forever ", "I farted at a silent disco but I didn't get away with it because it knocked my headphones off. [deleted]", "A Freudian architect is an architect with an Edifice complex ", "HIV is how they wrote high five in Roman times, but, don't go spreading it around ", "you cant fire me for my religious belief that Im better than others ", "The Titanic was built to last, let that sink in. ", "Dark humour is like food, not everybody gets it. ", "Shout out to all the people that don't know what the opposite of in is! ", "I wasoffered a job of dressing up as a monkey to advertise my local zoo, but I turned it down because it paid peanuts. [deleted]", "When I asked the dyslexic fortune teller what my destiny was, she replied, \"It's 1.062 gram per centimeter cube.\" ", "Skinny jeans are like a cheap hotel, there's no ballroom. ", "\"I see,\" said the blind man. A favorite of my late grandpa", "I had a complaint about my meditation classes, so I was referred to the Ommmbudsman. ", "Many a priest has an altar ego. ", "The man who killed everyone on earth was forgiven by the whole global population ", "theres dangerous animals around us all, with brains much smarter than monkeys ", "Yesterday my friend told me I don't understand what irony means, which is ironic because we were standing at a bus stop. ", "I got a photography gig this weekend. The pay isn't great but it'll be great exposure! [deleted]", "Man, I got hammered after photography club, we probably had about 8 or 9 pictures of beer. ", "Keeping a tropical fish at home can have a calming effort on the brain due to all the indoor fins ", "Successful pianists know the key to success. ", "You're crazy is showing, so you might want to tuck that back in. ", "My book looks so much thinner ever since it had its appendix removed. ", "I can do without abstinence. ", "Squishh : A squid swimming silently ", "I wanted to create a subreddit to help motivate people but I couldn't be bothered. ", "I used to feel that the bottom has dropped from my world, but after a few of Dr. William's Pink Pills for Pale People, it felt like the world had dropped from my bottom. ", "I never really liked to follow the crowd, which is probably why I was shit at protests. ", "I asked my proctologist for a second opinion.... so he stuck up two fingers. ", "So what is the scoop on this Blue Bell recall? ", "I thought I was pretty current when I broke the light speed barrier, but apparently, that's for another time. ", "I was about to create the universe when God did it first ", "I've been to the dentist a thousand times. I know the drill. ", "Life is a lot like a penis - soft, relaxed and hanging free, then a woman makes it hard. ", "I got a photography gig this weekend. It won't pay well but it'll be great exposure! ", "BREAKING NEWS: TORNADO HITS CEMETERY - HUNDREDS FOUND DEAD. ", "I'm watching Tim and Eric's Awesome Show on my computer and it keeps making me think I'm getting a bluescreen. ", "Never realised until today, that Karl Marx's sister Onya, invented the starting pistol.... ", "My imaginary friend smells of weed. [deleted]", "I have an EpiPen. My friend gave it to me when he was dying, it seemed very important to him that I have it. ", "I haven't sold one copy of my autobiography, story of my life. ", "Jedi Knight George Baiter refuses to be promoted. ", "I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you. ", "I would lose weight, but I don't like losing. ", "The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese ", "If there was something wrong with rape it wouldnt be funded in prisons ", "I have a black belt in trousers ", "Sometimes I consistently do my chores ", "I just figured out why erectile dysfunction is a thing...it really wasn't that hard ", "Antennas Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married.\nThe ceremony wasn\u2019t much, but the reception was excellent!", "Does anyone know if the Arachnophobia help line has a web site? ", "Money matters No matter how much money you have, it will never be enough", "If I had an ear for every gender there was. Oh wait, I do", "iTouch Kids: the Apple product that never made it past marketing. :)", "All generalizations are bad ", "I asked my surgeon if I could give it a try, so she said, \"Suture self.\" ", "Every pizza is a personal pizza if you try hard and believe in yourself ", "Probably the worst thing you can hear when you\u2019re wearing a bikini is, \u201cGood for you!\u201d ", "Is glue just horsey sauce ", "I was going to clean the basement but then realized... it was beneath me. ", "If I had a dime for every time I didn\u2019t understand what\u2019s going on, I\u2019d be like, \u201cWhy y\u2019all keep giving me all these dimes?\u201d ", "I woke up last night convinced there was a monster under my bed, but it was just a can of Red Bull... ", "I go to the gym almost everyday... almost Monday, almost Tuesday...\ufeff ", "I once said nada to my Spanish family but they didn't care, I guess it meant nothing. ", "If you rearrange the letters of POSTMEN they get really pissed off. ", "I will stop at nothing to avoid negative numbers. ", "WTF is an acronym. ", "Cartoons produced by the Japanese government are animes of the state. ", "If you think you\u2019re a hypochondriac, but you\u2019re actually not, are you a hypochondriac? ", "I totally understand how batteries feel because I\u2019m rarely ever included in things either. ", "Kill me once, shame on me. Kill me twice, shaman you. ", "You know you have a bad chiropractor when you lie down fully clothed and he walks in naked. ", "Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father, and you're watching disney channel. ", "My friend who likes punching buildings was arrested for domestic abuse. ", "7 men out of 10 is 3. ", "I am the emporer of hyperbole. ", "With her marriage she got a new name and a dress. ", "I think it\u2019s pretty cool how the Chinese made a language entirely out of tattoos. ", "Little known fact...There are currently more airplanes under the water, than there are submarines in the air. ", "I'd give my left hand to be ambidextrous. ", "Everytime I check myself in my dealers mirror I cross a line ", "Cheap Circumcisions are a rip off. ", "Invisible ink is hard to see. Especially if it's written on invisible paper. ", "I was masturbating today and my hand fell asleep - that's got to be the ultimate rejection. ", "Time flies like an arrow and fruit flies like a banana. ", "It's hard to classify a cannibal who only eats vegetables. ", "Equal, is not real, sugar. ", "A nosy pepper is one that is jalapeno business. ", "I was talking to a North African girl in her native language and we really clicked. [deleted]", "Don\u2019t count your eggs until they hatch, unless you\u2019re trying to make scrambled eggs ", "Am I unpatriotic if I don\u2019t want to see Tom Brady win another Super Bowl? ", "My wife said she found a mauled dogs toy, but I'm not sure how she knows the owner is a mauled dog. ", "I went to the library to see if they had that book on living with a small penis. She said \"I don't think it's in yet\". I said \"Yeah that's the one\". ", "Democracy is non negotiable ", "I can't remember the definition of amnesia. ", "Eating watches is time consuming. .", "Insult someone using braille so they really feel it. ", "Booze - it's what's for dinner. ", "I woke up feeling like shit, but decided to have cornflakes instead. ", "Procrastinators unite tomorrow! ", "Scientific research says that main reason for divorce is marriage in 100% cases ", "Auctioneers are not the most knowledgeable people, but they do know lots. ", "My girlfriend threatened to leave me because I keep pretending to be a transformer, but I can change. ", "Like the who man antagonized a midget in a Hitler costume, our decision was bound to provoke a little furor. ", "Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like banana. ", "E.T. has been caught shoplifting, I always knew he was light fingered. ", "I tried to do the scientific method in court but the same case is illegal to repeat ", "Cow farts come from the dairy-air. ", "Did you hear about the astronauts that got stuck on their honeymoon? ", "You'd better keep your mouth shut when the shit hits the fan. ", "With the rise of self-driving vehicles, it's only a matter of time before we get a emo song where a guy's truck leaves him too. ", "I\u2019ve had amnesia for as long remember ", "Your mouth spews shit and your anus is stuffed with meat ", "In a world where everyone only had right hands, there would be nothing left. ", "They Don't Have Wal-Mart's in Afghanistan.... Because there's a Target on every corner. ", "When you buy condoms, you're paying protection money ", "Turns out, a wooden stake to the heart, kills normal people too. ", "A high frequency sound sometime hertz ", "My wife was pretty upset when she found out my nickname in college was \u201cThe Love Machine\u201d; i was pretty bad at tennis. ", "You could never leave a tomato behind, it will just ketchup. ", "My wife slipped on some sexy lingerie, and ended up with a broken ankle ", "Anyone who hangs out washing despite predictions of storms is really putting it all on the line. ", "I came. I saw. I cleared the browser history... ", "The trouble with jogging is, that by the time you realize you're not in shape, it's too far to walk back ", "If you say the unoriginal \"I'm pregnant\" on April Fools, you gonna get jinxed and get pregnant for real ", "I found an old unframed oil painting in my loft yesterday of a beautiful naked lady so I mounted it. ", "It doesn't take much to leave an impression on me. All you gotta do is press kinda hard. ", "1 in 50 european countries is Hungary. [deleted]", "My yoga teacher helped me get to my feet. [deleted]", "Does the name Pavlov ring a bell? ", "When you use a Coinstar machine you make pennies on the dollar. About a 100 of them.", "I haven't had a single drink today, they've all been doubles. ", "I know my neighbors have a problem with mice because I keep finding them in my kitchen. ", "Blind people sure do walk their dogs a lot. ", "The light of God is greater than the sun so causes more cancer ", "If women were like chess pieces there would be no war [deleted]", "They say God is everywhere when in fact dogs are everywhere \ud83d\udc36 ", "Return of the Jedi isn't possible without the Receipt of the Jedi. ", "Dietary fiber is the shit ", "I wonder if colorblind people read Colorado as just \u201cado\u201d ", "they called him the king of the dentists because he specialized in crowns ", "It doesn't matter how good the soap smells, never come out of the toilets smelling your fingers.\ud83d\udd90 ", "A man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool, so I gave him a glass of water. ", "I was once caught with drugs in highschool and the teacher made me do 100 lines. ", "I'm currently on chapter 257 of my novel about unnecessary stoppages. ", "It takes balls to shave them. ", "Being self-employed is great if you don't mind your boss giving you 3 handjobs a day. ", "My new website about premature ejaculation isn't ready yet but it's coming soon. ", "I would love to be an influencer, but I\u2019ve only got great ideas and an ok ass, instead of the other way around. ", "Parallel lines have so much in common, but it\u2019s a shame they\u2019ll never meet. ", "I still go to church, just not religiously. ", "Hot-air ballooning - at first it's quite uplifting, but in the end it's a bit of a let-down. [deleted]", "i love this subreddit ", "When the branding iron was invented cattle were very impressed. ", "Racecar backwards is racecar, but racecar sideways is how Paul Walker died. ", "Would prostitution be considered retail or holesale? ", "I asked a wise old man what the secret to eternal life was? He said \"Don't die.\" ", "People who don't know the difference between \"burro\" and \"burrow\" don't know their ass from a hole in the ground. ", "Whenever I'm not doing cocaine, having sex with prostitutes, and drink driving, I'm actually a very sensible guy. ", "Time doesn't exist. . .CLOCKS exist! Treat each day as your last. . .one day you will be right!", "I\u2019ve had it right up to here with jokes that rely on visual imagery. ", "Last night I dreamed I was an alternator and this morning I woke up with all of my batteries charged. ", "All the kids in the school had a name, but not ", "Gaining 5 pounds is a piece of cake for me. ", "The guy who stole my Diary died today, my thoughts are with his family. ", "A man showed up for a duel armed only with a pencil and paper, then proceeded to draw his weapon. ", "I tried tying my shoes today. I could knot. ", "I totally understand how batteries feel because I\u2019m rarely ever included in things either... - Christopher Hudspeth", "How much wood would a nun nunchuck if a nun would nunchuck wood? ", "The only A+ thing about me is my blood ", "We don't get a lot of opportunities to get kids interested in math so we need to make them count. ", "Camping is intense! [in tents]\n\nAlso: Having sex while camping is fucking intense!", "I'd give you the shirt off my back, if I wasn't wearing it. ", "My dad is sick of me making fun of his amputation, but really I love him from head to stump. ", "Stealing someone's coffee is called mugging. ", "My plumber friend says his job is draining sometimes. ", "I've been pretty disorganized since my electric piano was stolen. ", "In rugby, why do they call it a try if you've succeeded? ", "Jim Jones had very impressive punchlines ", "David Blaine only gives the illusion that he's a magician. ", "Shout out to people who don't know what the opposite of in is! ", "I'm looking for a new vacuum cleaner. My one is just gathering dust. ", "I used to have a pet leech that was so attached to me. ", "Do nations with large populations have less stress because there are more people to blame? ", "Don't run with bagpipes because you could put an aye out, or even worse, get kilt. ", "Is a \"gag order\" a legal type of joke? ", "If your girlfriend stops the other team from kicking a goal she may be a keeper ", "I had to cancel my doctor appointment because I'm sick ", "I have 3 kids and no money, why can\u2019t I have no kids and 3 money? ", "Sending a message in braille is the best way to get in touch with someone. ", "My ex girlfriend had one of those split tongues; someone else got the other half. [deleted]", "With great reflexes comes great response ability. ", "Governments lie, newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are different lies. ", "When it comes down to a choice between being a restaurant worker or an axe murderer, better plate than sever ", "What's so civil about a civil war? ", "Technically, we are all half centaur. ", "I wanted to be a chiropractor, but just didn't have the backbone for it. ", "We're used to thinking in terms of \"filthy rich\" and \"dirt poor\"\u2014but whatever happened to clean and comfortable? [deleted]", "When my wife accused me of being self-important, I was so surprised, I nearly fell off my throne. ", "I tried to finish the leftovers, but ... foiled again. ", "\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800 ", "Great song, it\u2019s not a bad track, all you have to do is mute the volume. ", "There are only two kinds of people: quitters, and jar openers. ", "Everything's a UFO when you're nearsighted ", "It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do. ", "I wonder what Owen Wilson would say about the Wow! signal ", "I tried to buy a pillowcase on Craigslist but it ended up being a sham. ", "Shouldn't hemorrhoids be called asteroids? ", "5 out of 6 scientists say that Russian roulette is safe. ", "Ron Jeremy's first pet was named Jeremy, and he grew up on Ron Street. ", "My first job was working in an orange juice factory, but I got canned because I couldn't concentrate. ", "Are they still together after all these years? ...your butt cheeks.", "I hesitate to join a support group for fathers who left to buy cigarettes and haven't returned, because I can't shake the feeling that I won't be long. ", "I can\u2019t remember how I did in history class, but I was lost in geography ", "I suffered from postnatal depression to the age of three ", "A bad analogy is like going fishing. It doesn't make sense and it's a waste of time. ", "I threw my electronic maths device at a criminal, which was a calculated risk. ", "I'm having a vasectomy the day before your birthday party, I can't come. ", "2020, All the more reason to have a Doraemon! ", "The German work ethic is much like their love for Punjabi women, they do every Singh they can. A more PC version of the oneliner I posted the other day..", "So I called the Rape Advice Line, but they said that's just for victims? ", "I put myself in a large cardboard box and called FedEx while thinking \"I'm gonna totally ship myself if this works.\" ", "My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline; she hit the roof! ", "The American education system. ", "\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14 Is today the tomorrow about which you told me yesterday ", "The cows returned to the marijuana field because the pot was calling the cattle back. ", "Love is hard to find, but easy to make. ", "just because mary couldnt feel it doesnt mean shes a virgin ", "Donald Trump is such a cock that when he takes Viagra, he gets taller. ", "When aliens gave us aids-free zones, i wish i hadnt eaten the burger with free aids ", "Crows have 7 long straight tail feathers called pinions, while ravens have 8, making the difference between a raven and a crow a matter of a pinion. ", "I enjoy people watching... mostly this one woman ", "I told my boss I work well under pressure cuz I'm so good at hiding the bodies of people who put too much pressure on me ", "Conspiracy to make balls earth shaped ", "Hemorrhoids are a pain in the ass. ", "I\u2019m only friends with people that have autism because I don\u2019t want to make eye contact either. ", "If I had a dollar for every time a girl told me I was unattractive, they'd eventually find me attractive. ", "A train uses engineers to hear. ", "I downloaded an App that tells me which of my family members are racist, it is called Facebook. ", "Potassium was known to be sassy, it always responded with \"K\" to everything ", "I don\u2019t like cocaine, I just like the smell of it. ", "If you die at the climax of a sexual encounter, are you coming or going? ", "I'm currently on chapter 257 on my novel about unnecessary stoppages. ", "I am as high on the smart scale as a trippin-balls stoner is on the high scale. [deleted]", "My doctor says I\u2019ve got this awful disease where I can\u2019t stop telling airport jokes and that it\u2019s terminal. ", "I used to work at a company run by midgets, but I quit because my paycheck was always short. ", "People give addicts a hard time, but it\u2019s no surprise that Humpty Dumpty didn\u2019t want to get back on the horse. ", "[Here are ten things I hate about clickbait. Number four will shock you!] (https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) [deleted]", "I went to an Alabama strip club cause I heard they give great family discounts ", "I named my dog 8 miles so I can tell people that I walk 8 miles every single day. ", "A Soviet banner hanging on someone's wall is a big red flag. ", "Christmas these days is a lot like having sex, the build up is great, but when it finally comes, I regret spending all that money. ", "5 out of 4 people struggle with fractions [deleted]", "Your average thing is manufactured in a satisfactory. ", "My neighbor was bragging about his new 1.8 liter Honda, so I told him I just bought a 2.0 liter Mountain Dew. ", "When pornstars punch out for lunch are they considered off the cock? ", "I may be deaf and dyslexic, but I still love to sign on Kareoke night. ", "Mothers everywhere want their children to give peas a chance. ", "There\u2019s a new and really popular apartment complex called Oedipus; everyone and their mother is moving there. ", "I can't imagine anything more painful than watching childbirth ", "What is Kurt Cobain favourite dish? ", "My girlfriend is pissed after I showed up at her house with D&amp;D books and dice; I misunderstood when she said she wanted to role play. ", "Periods are a bloody waste of fucking time. (From r/jokes comments)", "I saw a local farmer dancing today, guess he dropped the beet. ", "Something about subtraction just doesn't add up. ", "If anyone tries to sell you a transparent driving wheel, steer clear. ", "What's a mailman's favorite genre of music? Post rock. ", "My escalator phobia leads me to to take steps to avoid them I'm sure this will escalate quickly", "I tried reading Aristotle, but it was all Greek to me ", "You summon Cthulhu one time and everyone loses their minds. ", "At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog that he's adopted? ", "She told me to punch her directly in the vagina, not beat around the bush. ", "Ah, the Nobel Peace Prize... I'd kill to win that. ", "Dickblock. Apply directly to the forehead. [deleted]", "Keeping tropical fish in your home has a calming effect on the brain because of the indoor fins. ", "Grocery store workers must let the customer decide if they want paper or plastic because baggers can't be choosers. ", "Blind man walks into a bar, and a table, and a stool.. ", "A friend will help you move. A good friend will help you move a body. ", "If you use a corduroy condom, you get a groovy kind of love. ", "Marriage is like a violin, after all the beautiful music is over, the strings are still attached. ", "Don't you just hate it when you go scuba diving, you're at 10 metres and you realise your dive master is a satanic devil worshipping racist. ", "I wish ebola broccoli and cheese soup could be transmitted through the air. ", "You can say whatever you want about deaf people [deleted]", "I give speeches about most Stephen King books, but I don\u2019t talk about It ", "A New Years resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other. ", "If a woman ever asks if I have tattoos I say 'Yes, I do, but they're so realistic that you can't even see them', that way I have both opinions covered. ", "A computer beat me at chess once... but it was no match for me at kick boxing.", "Weaving $100 bills into a belt is a waist of money. ", "My drug dealer always cracks me up ", "Rape. Small word. Long sentence. ", "My grandpa smelt toast right before he died from a house fire. [deleted]", "I killed a lion with my bear hands ", "Blood Pressure If high blood pressure is the silent killer, why does my doctor shout at me about it every visit?", "There are more planes in the ocean than there are submarines in the sky. ", "Here's my essay about The Ship of Theseus - if you download the entire essay online and change all the words slightly, is it still the same essay? ", "To be or not to be is the suicidal question ", "I never trusted my twin brother, he reminded me too much of someone I knew. ", "No one goes there anymore..it's too crowded _Another classic from yogi berra", "I once fucked a pig and it squealed on me. ", "I, put commas, in, weird places, so that, you, will, read, this, like William, Shatner. ", "There's no way I'll win the deformity contest, but I'm still keeping my finger crossed. ", "There are so many things I like about horses, but my favorite is all that hair running down their neck \u2014 that\u2019s the mane thing. ", "I just got done working all all night, and I am ready to call it a day. ", "I'm looking for a promotion at the guillotine factory, but I just can't get a head. ", "II hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicatious ", "It takes guts to be an organ donor ", "Pontius Pilate nailed it. ", "If it feels like the fall goes by faster and faster, it's because it accelerates at 9.8 m/s^2 ", "I agree to your terms but not your conditions ", "I used to love to listen to my grandfather tell stories about his job as a steelworker \u2014 it was riveting! ", "A palindrome loving man walks into a bar and without ordering anything goes out of the bar ", "Is God a myth, or a mythter? ", "Some people need a pat on the back... off a cliff ", "I was born legs first so for a brief period of time, I wore my Mom as a hat. ", "If someone has won three entertainment awards but not a Tony, they probably have an EGO. [deleted]", "I bought a catfish the other day It was cat-fish and I bought it", "Why was the dog standing still? Because he was on paws. ", "CANT STOP LAUGHING AFTER WATCHING THIS GOLD \ud83d\ude02 [removed]", "I hate electrical pulses, they get on my nerves ", "What has 4 letters, sometimes 9 letters, but never has 5 letters. ", "I hate having to disrobe for the doctor but in the end I grin and bare it. ", "Humility is an alright policy ", "The sperm clinic discharged me. What a relief. ", "People who try to \u201coutpizza\u201d the hut, they all fail, it\u2019s a domino effect. ", "Cannibals aren't really being nice to you, they're just trying to butter you up. ", "This is my step ladder...I...I...I never knew my real ladder. ", "Money talks...but all mine ever says is good-buy. ", "I've just fallen through the roof of a French bakery.....I'm in a world of pain. ", "2 words. Pain hurts.", "All of these tarrifs have me thinking that Trump is in the alluminaty. ", "Man with two crows was charged with attempted murder. ", "I was told my gender studies degree would be useless, but I'm already conducting *trans*actions for a billion dollar company some like to call McDonald's. ", "Most people save money when they join the Army, but it cost me an arm and a leg. ", "Despite the high cost of living, it still remains popular ", "United States ", "You have to hand it to blind prostitutes ", "As i was sitting doing nothing i decided to start meditation. ", "Nice ", "Dying in transit is reaching your final destination before reaching your final destination. ", "Time's fun when you're having flies, Kermit said ", "Didja hear the one about the Laughing Strangler? HAHAHAHAH! It'll kill ya! ", "You can't be jailed for incorrect grammar, you won't complete your sentence properly. ", "What do you mean by saving our questions until the end? ", "The existence of laws is the main cause of crime ", "Hardik! I know an Indian guy named Hardik; recently he was diagnosed with erectile dysfunction.", "My mother never realized the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch. ", "When I was a kid, my mom would make me eat my food by saying, \u201cHere comes the choo-choo train!\u201d otherwise she wouldn\u2019t untie me from the tracks. ", "I'm having a quarantine party this weekend and none of you are invited. ", "If you're told to expect the unexpected, does it make the unexpected, expected ? ", "I turned on the god mode cheat in a game then found myself holding a pen sketching some of the games artwork before it was built ", "At night I used to lie in my twin bed and wonder where my brother was. -good ol Mitch Hedberg RIP-", "I think my spell Czech is broken. ", "I was addicted to the Hokey Pokey, but I turned myself around. ", "Melania Trump probably calls the presidential water bed the Dead Sea. ", "Another product that I can't believe is not butter, is butter. ", "I was sick of my job in jousting equipment sales so I've started freelancing. ", "I went to my garage to inventory my sports equipment, and saw some scumbag had stolen my limbo stick... really, how low can you go?!?! ", "I couldn\u2019t work out how to fasten my seat belt and then it clicked. ", "My goldfish are named Major, Minor, Dorian, Lydian, and Diminished, and I can only tell them apart by their scales. ", "I'm gender fluid. [removed]", "My life insurance rates went up, and it almost gave me a heart attack. [deleted]", "I am so tried of auto correct jokes ", "I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy. ", "What\u2019s the difference between a lost golf ball and a clitoris? A man will spend hours looking for the golf ball. ", "Just heard Taco Bell is gonna start selling alcohol, will your combo come with a diaper? ", "I have a joke for you about Social Security, but you're probably not going to get it. ", "I was going to tell you a joke about bad memory but I can't remember if I already told you it. ", "I refuse to be obstinate. ", "Ringo Starr\u2019s recent knighthood was quite a sir prize. ", "I think it's fair when you have your own ferris wheel. ", "Thots are basically just a motel 6 for dicks ", "Either they're doing construction in my apt building or the lesbian couple downstairs are having the time of their lives. ", "Every room is an Escape room if you're drunk enough. ", "I saw a police officer wearing a pilot\u2019s uniform and thought it was a bit odd, but then I realized, he was one of those plane clothes cops. ", "I was out driving last night and I almost hit a pedestrian, but I'll get him next time. ", "Necrophiliacs are just really late pedophiles ", "Relationship goals [deleted]", "It's funny how two simple words like, \"I promise\" could temporarily stall people. [deleted]", "If I were a tiny bit more humble, I'd be perfect ", "I'm looking for a personal trainer. The last one didn't work out. ", "Most of my ancestors died of old age - must be bad genes ", "The first time I got a universal remote control I thought to myself, \u201cThis changes everything\u201d . ", "Dyslexics untie! ", "If you think my posts are ridiculous you should see some of my life choices ", "Mam, there is a camel in this town, it says its tow is missing.. ", "\u201cTime flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana.\u201d -Many people before me [deleted]", "I wondered why the ball was getting bigger... and then it hit me. ", "Your problems don't amount to a hill of beans in this world, unless maybe if your job is building bean-hills. ", "I'll never see eye to eye with a giant ", "Who's got one thumb and was just involved in a horrific woodworking accident? This guy! ", "Obese loners are hugely irrelevant. ", "Those damn Asians and their ricism... ", "How did the guy who invented the clock know at which time to set it? ", "A friend told me he doesn't appreciate Romeo And Juliet, which I think is a tragedy. ", "My best friend was hospitalised after eating an extra large pizza..... IT WAS MINE. ", "Who knows, maybe global warming gets solved by causing a nuclear winter. ", "PMS jokes are not funny or appropriate. Period! ", "[to the tune of No Sleep 'til Brooklyn] One! Month! 'til Christmassss! ", "How I Met Your Mother was the longest Ted talk ever. ", "What does illiteracy even mean? ", "What if every country had ninjas, but Japan's were the worst? [deleted]", "I went to a brothel and the sign read, \"Beat it. We're closed.\" ", "My friend\u2019s bakery caught fire and burned to the ground last night, now his business is toast. ", "It's time we assertively pontificate reliable alignments to competently facilitate equity invested human capital. ", "My job is like being a prostitute. The better you do, the more you get screwed. ", "Mane I'm a sadio mane except the io e is silent", "So what if I don't know what apocalypse means, it's not the end of the world! ", "I can't name any nouns. ", "Dear Reddit, My wife just left me for being overly formal. ", "I used to be conceited - but now I'm absolutely perfect. ", "The maintenance man in my hotel really needs a shower and new clothes. ", "If you are addicted to seaweed, please seek kelp. ", "So this guy with a premature ejaculation problem comes out of nowhere. ", "I'm a big believer in good food. ", "What does American beer and sex in a canoe have in common? [deleted]", "My roshambo skills didn't cut it against Rocky. ", "If the Titanic REALLY hit an iceberg, why are there no pieces of iceberg around the wreckage? ", "I once knew a guy who did not really need to practice his suicide.  ", "The new rectal temperature check at the Airport for Ebola was special. ", "Not to brag or anything, but I can turn ice into water JUST by staring at it. It takes a while though.. ", "Somehow I just can't get hungry at a place called the Terminal Snack bar George Carlin", "Slightly peeved that the makers of the shampoo \"Head and Shoulders\" have not followed up with a body wash called, \"Knees and Toes\". ", "I'm trying to give up Viagra and improve my double entendres but it's not easy ", "I went on a date with a communist, it was a pretty big red flag. [deleted]", "The doctor's gave me some medical marijuana, then I went home and had some medical popcorn and medical nachos. ", "pregnancy really brings out the kid in you ", "Who called it studying bio with maths and not BioLog\u2091? [deleted]", "I was going to make a joke about Thailand, but Phuket. ", "Hey, wait .. wait I'd like to make a toast. Anyone got any bread? ", "Merchants of dried grapes are always raisin awareness. ", "brownies are melt-in-the-mouth delicious but girl guides are more filling ", "60% of boobs might make you jump. ", "To be honest, you can't lie ", "I used to thing revenge was a dish best served cold, but then I realized it meant getting back at somebody. ", "I got mugged by six dwarves last night. Not happy. ", "Colonel Sanders never fought in the military. He was too chicken. ", "I bought a popular calendar, it has lots of dates. ", "I tried to write a joke about a hoarse frog, but it was deribbitive. ", "Did you hear about the constapated mathematician. [deleted]", "Becoming a vegan was a huge missed steak. ", "I survey houses for a living, although the owners tend to call it \"breaking in\". ", "When I die, I\u2019d like the word \"Humble\" to be written on my statue. ", "Celery is 95% water and 100% not pizza. ", "Why don't you slip into something a little more comfy, like a coma? ", "As soon as COVID-19 started, it spread right off the bat. ", "My favorite song use to be sunshine on my shoulders but Skin Cancer changes everything... ", "I once spent so much time thinking of a oneliner, I ended up at the hospital...in line...and then the ER... ", "the best kind of bastard was grown in a lab ", "Cheerful people are often stressed, because they're always in a hooray. ", "As long as I can remember I have a bad memory ", "we all come from inbreeders since there was a first living cell on Earth ", "public nudity is illegal cuz some people cant control themselves when they see it, not cuz the nude people cant control themselves ", "Did you know 86% of all statistics are completely made-up? [removed]", "If I saw relay runners holding a palpebra stick, I wouldn't baton eyelid. ", "Dr. Frankenstein entered a body building contest and soon discovered he had seriously misunderstood the objective. ", "The cops issued a warrant because I was stealing baby sheep and riding them, so now I\u2019m on the lamb. ", "The inventor of the anagram has died...may he \"erect a penis.\" ", "Welcome to Recluse Club, I can't imagine we'll be seeing many of you again. ", "My friend found God after getting lost in a maze - He had nowhere else to turn. ", "conjunctivitis.com - A site for sore eyes ", "You know how I feel about mood rings. ", "If someone who cycles is called a cyclist, does that make someone in a race, a racist? ", "If god is your copilot maybe you should drive instead of fly [deleted]", "Whenever I go to the park and someone asks me which child is mine, I like to tell them I'm still deciding. ", "What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable? The wheelchair", "Give your heart to jesus and your brain to satan ", "If I got 5 cents for every time someone said \"I love you\", I'd have 5 cents. Thanks mom. ", "Drive wreckless, not recklessly. ", "2020 is the year to make jokes like there's no tomorrow. ", "Meanwhile, villagers in Punjab are still wondering who the hell is Soshal Distan Singh. ", "The faster you drive somewhere, the less time you have to get in a car accident. ", "there's a thin line between conspiracy theorists and Chemtrails ", "I was using the bathroom at my job and near the door was a sign that said, 'EMPLOYEES MUST WASH HANDS BEFORE RETURNING TO WORK', so I left ", "It takes guys to be an organ donor ", "There's a time and place for spontaneity. ", "Alabama changed the drinking age to 34 because they want to keep alcohol out of the high schools. ", "The Office helps us sleep because it's white noise. ", "All the psychics I go to are either too depressing or too angry, when all I'm looking for is a happy medium. ", "I hate sports including bats, they're a nightmare to catch when they fly away. ", "Don't use shampoo or any product that has the word \"sham\" in it. ", "A procrastinator must be really good at crastinating [deleted]", "I was distraught after breaking up with my girlfriend, but now I'm slowly coming to grips with myself. People say I'm a downright spunky fellow. ", "If you play a country album backwards a guys truck gets fixed, gets a girlfriend, and his dog coming back to life. ", "The only person Trump cares about is the president of the Virgin Islands! ", "Did you know, that if you put your car keys under your skull and then beep your car, you will look like an idiot. [deleted]", "The doctor gave me some medical marijuana, then I went home and had some medical popcorn and medical nachos. ", "Yeast is the only culture some people have. ", "If Yolo County, California has a yearly \"Hold my beer!\" festival, I bet it's EPIC. ", "I'm so radical left that I'm right. ", "If you are the last person on Earth then everything is legal ", "I procrastinate a lot so I need a woman with no lollygag reflex. ", "It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer. ", "Took my car to the bodyshop by accident. ", "My knowledge of abbreviations is LTD. ", "I tried suing someone for stealing my basketball...but it got thrown out of court. ", "Orange juice is especially good for focus because it's made from concentrate. ", "I saw a \"How To Budget\" DVD that was 50% off, so I bought a copy for all my friends. ", "My friend was Vegan till I Meat her. ", "Do you believe in love at first sight? Or should I walk by again? ", "Elon really knows how to get things done, instead of a can-do attitude, he has a Musk-do attitude. ", "The Black Mamba died today in a helicopter crash. Didn't he know that Blackhawks kill snakes? ", "Feed a man a fish; serve him for a day. Feed a fish a man; your fish is set for like a whole year. ", "Studies have shown that between 99.0% and 99.9% of all participants in multi-level marketing schemes lose money. ", "There are plenty of fish in the sea, but until I catch one I'm stuck here holding my rod. ", "Physicians who amputate as a first resort are in shorter and shorter supply. ", "Suppositories are a pain in the butt. ", "I've just bought my son a huge wooden horse for his birthday. I got it from 'Troy's R Us' ", "I went on a date with a BT worker, the connection was terrible. ", "I told this girl she'd look sexy with her hair back, but apparently that's something you don't say to a cancer patient? ", "I have a bumper sticker that says 'Honk If You Think I'm Sexy' so I just sit at green lights until I feel better about myself! ", "I've got a fruit spelling test tomorrow, but I'm cool as a queuecumber. ", "I only look up to you because I'm short. ", "My favorite soccer team is Fly Emirates. [deleted]", "More free food you serve, wider the audience get ", "I have an amazing level of patience. When that runs out, I have a baseball bat. ", "When my friend asked me to write him a hedonistic autobiography, I said it would be my pleasure. [deleted]", "i'd tell you a joke about my lightbulb, but its kinda screwed up.. probably not a bright idea either ", "This guy was going on and on about the dangers of hoverboards... [deleted]", "Before you criticize someone\u2026 \u2026walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and have their shoes!", "Chris Brown on seeing a hot chick: \"I'd hit that\" ", "Thats enough about me let's talk about my job Job can be exchanged for many things such as \"blog\" which I have heard before", "In the spring, trees are releaved. ", "Assuming someone is good at oral sex is as foolish as assuming a plumber is good at brain surgery. ", "Fre\u0435-\u041enline-D\u0430ting [removed]", "Where do you take a photographic memory to be developed? ", "\"Corona(virus). Find Your B(l)each.\" ", "Please cancel my subscription to your issues. ", "I bought a boat half price. It was on sail. ", "If you find racist humor offensive, simply because you\u2019re black, lighten up. ", "I had a fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over them ", "It was tense when the past, present, and future walked into a bar. ", "I can't remember the Alzheimer's pill\u2019s name but it is on the tip of my tongue. ", "To the guy that stole my antidepressants, I hope you\u2019re happy now ", "If you get a new job before you quit your old one, it's considered responsible, but if you do that with your girlfriend, it's called \"cheating.\" ", "I was trying to figure out what tree this was, but I'm stumped ", "Islam must be the true religion because the universe started with an explosion ", "I hate how funerals are usually at 9am or 10am because I\u2019m not a mourning person. ", "If there was someone selling drugs in this place, weed know. ", "Although I was struck by lightning the other day; the atmosphere was electric. ", "The only things I take seriously in this world are jokes. ", "The energy drinks in my shop weren't selling well, until I put them all on the bottom shelf. ", "\u202aGender inequality amid pandemic: Every woman with a bra in her closet needs that shit to last till the mall reopens, every guy with a bra in his closet has two extra masks.\u202c ", "I found out today both my wife and my girlfriend are cheating on me [deleted]", "I was going to start an Apathy Anonymous group, but why bother. ", "all fights either stop or eventually become cripple fights ", "When I wanted to marry a Canadian, it was important to her parents that I would convert, so right away I put them at ease by telling them that a gallon is 3.785 litres. ", "I've fallen in love with a pencil and we're getting married and I just can't wait to introduce my parents to my bride 2B! ", "I cannot stand being fat. ", "It was directly after reaching the top of Mt. Everest that I realized it's going to be all downhill from here. ", "Two barbecue inventors met on the highway for a burn off. [deleted]", "It must be tough to be a landscaper. They're always leaving for work. ", "Good tiny cock porn is hard to find. ", "I got expelled from pajama day at school today...It wasn't my fault I sleep naked ", "I'm very fortunate that I do what I love at my job, although if my boss ever finds out I'm screwed. ", "I've got some exciting things lined up on my YouTube fitness account; I'm doing a neck reveal soon. [deleted]", "I\u2019m in a metal band called 667-The Neighbor Of The Beast. ", "My boss gave me the sandal because I didn\u2019t mess up enough yet to get the boot. ", "My dad and I got into an argument over whether I was allowed to try fire breathing. I guess you could say it got pretty heated [deleted]", "When my girlfriend said she'd like me to be the receiver at a bukkake party it hit me like a ton of dicks. ", "If calcium helps your bones, does white stuff make more white stuff. ", "I just got out of the navy. Want to see my discharge? ", "A woman changes her name to vageena [deleted]", "I heard the marathon in death valley ended in a dead heat. ", "A 9 year old girl has vanished after using a revolutionary new cream which makes you look 10 years younger. ", "Never judge a song by its cover. [deleted]", "in 2016 i did a lot of sh*t, but the worst thing I've done was your mom ", "Just walked past a sign that read, \"This fire door is alarmed\", so I give it a little rub and told it everything is going to be ok. ", "I always use two forms of birth control, condoms, and abstinence. [deleted]", "Whose cruel idea was it for the word \"lisp\" to have an \"s\" in it? ", "There's only 3 things that I hate with my heart, talking about myself, and incomplete lists. ", "I am still waiting to meet a flat earth believer who has lived life on the edge. ", "Viagra now comes in a nasal spray for dickheads. ", "I named my dog after my ex cuz shes a bitch ", "I'm so poor that my smartphone shows bus mode instead of an airplane mode ", "I bought some new shoes and one of then isn't right. ", "The one thing that is constant is change, especially if you are a cashier. ", "I like my coffee like I like my women. Black and bitter. ", "I used to only travel with a fleet of ships, but now I only like one-liners. ", "Tried to play mini golf once, and that's how I lost my role in The Italian Job. ", "Scrambled eggs should be spelled dcrbmlaes gegs ", "BREAKING NEWS: Multiple reindeer face trial after allegations of discrimination ", "I hired a private investigator but all he did was sit around staring at my hedge. Then I found out he was a privet investigator. ", "There's no way I'll allow those filthy conjunctions to be members of my Parts of Speech Club, no ifs, ands, or buts. ", "Magic and Alchemy became boring after we started calling them Physics and Chemistry. ", "I recently cut ties with my destructive tailor. ", "I used to be superstitious until I found out it was unlucky. ", "I'm walking the \"T\" between here and there ", "I feel sorry for anus numbing cream, it has to deal with sensitive arseholes all the time. ", "The result of crossbreeding a melon and a collie produced sad and depressing results ", "I keep all my masculine clothes in my dresser, and all my feminine clothes in my cross-dresser. [deleted]", "You're listening to Surreal FM - don't touch that Dal\u00ed! ", "My new theory on inertia doesn't seem to be gaining momentum. ", "tired egg what do you call a tired egg?\n\n... Egghausted", "Dear Math, please grow up and solve your own problems, I'm tired of solving them for you. ", "Guess what? I came up with a new word, Plagiarism. ", "Just rolled into town... ", "aids ribbons hurt aids'es feelings you want to wipe it out ", "Pendulums are sexually experimental, as they go both ways. [deleted]", "I've got more political correctness in my middle finger than you have in your whole hand [deleted]", "Being poor makes no cents. ", "When it comes to the limbo, I'm raising the bar. ", "I had lost whole boxes of submitted questions about rocks, but then they were found in quarries. ", "The Earth means the world to me. ", "Move to an abandoned neighborhood to make \"keeping up with the Joneses\" less stressful &amp;#x200B;", "I'm not homophobic - I watch lesbian porn all the time! ", "I can never explain stuff to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally. ", "I like to be romantic after sex and whisper things into her ear like... \"hey... Go home\"", "I was told I have to put my grandma in a home, because she'll die, living out on the street [deleted]", "If god is like a factory owner, he wants you as his robots to work automaticly without any interaction from him ", "I'm a perfectionis [deleted]", "\"Low cut blouses will be looked down upon in this establishment.\" ", "I can't ever make enough money with comedy; my jokes keep killing but I have to keep buying more sheds. [deleted]", "They say that living like a hermit can give you crabs. ", "I know my goldfish loves it when I take him out of his bowl. He wags his tail a lot ", "Pornsites should have a year review video. ", "Those Harvard training aircraft from WWII had the nasty tendency to vibrate your fillings loose, but on the plus side they outperformed Head &amp; Shoulders. ", "Message my wife during business trip: \"Had a really amazing night, I wish you were her!\" \"Here, I meant HERE!\" ", "When his fans make him sing the same song over and over, ozzy is going ON the rails of the crazy train ", "Anybody with half a brain would know if they got a hemispherectomy ", "I caught the uncommon cold. [deleted]", "Put down the phone, relax, close your eyes, and just concentrate on driving. ", "My roommates are concerned that i'm using their kitchen utensils, but that's a whisk i'm willing to take. ", "Affirmative action is yes action, what youd expect from a yes man ", "Confidence looks like arrogance if seen from below. ", "50% of all CEOs are bald while the other 50% are women. ", "Drinking androids join alcoholics autonomous. ", "\"...aside from THAT, Ms. Lincoln, how was the play?\" ", "If you ever come across an elephant, apologize and wipe it off. ", "People keep telling me that the levant doesn't exist, but I keep telling them it Israel ", "The universe is carnivorous. [removed]", "Someone in China ate something and the whole world is washing hands. ", "Ahem, my friend, ahem. He went to the urologist. Anyways, the story is short. [removed]", "You're incomparable, like a... Credit goes to Bo Burnham, not me", "A butcher murdered a little girl and has got a little behind in his work ", "I don't like jokes about prostitutes with STDs; they're cheap. [deleted]", "When my Doctor told me I was going deaf I just couldn't comprehend what he was trying to tell me! ", "I was taking naughty pictures of my ficus plant, when my religious friend said. \u201cWhat a photo sin this is!\u201d ", "We should call self-isolation weight gain the COVID \"19\". ", "Wasn't sure my friend was gay until one night at a bar he asked if he could push my stool in. ", "I just walked a mile in my own shoes - I finally see where I'm coming from ", "My wife\u2019s leaving me because she thinks I\u2019m obsessed with astronomy, but seriously, what planet is she on? ", "Your honor since people say drugs and alcohol thats why i drove drunk at least i wasnt on drugs so i was clear headed ", "A blind man fell into a hole because he couldn't see that well. ", "I sponsor an alcoholic; I pay for his bar tab. [deleted]", "Depreciating values is a worthless topic. ", "Canada's border with Mexico is incredibly thick. ", "I wrote a one liner. It was downvoted for using a period instead of but. ", "I haven\u2019t been in the gym in so long that the strongest thing about me is my password. ", "I was once employed as a designer of cul de sacs. Turned out though to be a dead end job. ", "Love is like a fart, if you have to force it it\u2019s probably shit. ", "I bought knock-off brand I can't believe it's not butter, it was butter. [deleted]", "This winter is colder than my crush's heart. ", "I stopped doing stand-up comedy because of the constant heckling from funeral attendees. ", "A queue for a boxing match is also a punch line ", "Growing up with cats and dogs, I got used to the sounds of scratching at my door while I slept. Now that I live alone, it is much more unsettling. ", "Dark? That's a completely different matter all together. ", "I usually meet my girlfriend at 12:59 because I like that one-to-one time. ", "When I suggested to my wife we used a strap on, she was right behind me. ", "I opened an all-night smog check named \"Nocturnal Emissions\". Everyone was embarrassed to come. ", "Today I saw a broke down short bus. ", "I was playing chess with my friend and he said, 'Let's make this interesting'. So we stopped playing chess. ", "I thought no one would attend my seminar on semen retention. But they all came. ", "We're used to terms like \"filthy rich\" and \"dirt poor\"\u2014but whatever happened to clean and comfortable? ", "My father told me I had to stop smoking weed. It was a blunt ultimatum. ", "Maybe fear is God\u2019s way of saying, \u201cPay attention, this could be fun.\u201d ", "How long is a Chinese man. ", "Paying for cat food is for pussies ", "I have been chatting with my neighbors teenage daughter and she is into UFOs and Aliens. Which is really cool because tomorrow she is getting abducted. ", "y= mx + c ", "What has 4 letters, sometimes has 9 letters, but never has 5 letters. ", "People who misuse the word \"literally\" are figuratively Hitler. ", "\u202aEver since I swallowed those caterpillars I've been getting butterflies in my stomach.\u202c ", "I\u2019v\u0435 f\u043eund 3 diff\u0435t\u0435nt girls wh\u043e \u0430gr\u0435\u0435d f\u043er s\u0435\u0445 [removed]", "This new girl I'm dating is obsessed with her vagina; she keeps telling me she likes her own space. ", "In 5 Years I see myself in a mirror ", "No matter what they\u2019re saying seagulls always sound outraged ", "It was not my intention to offend you, that was just a bonus. ", "I met someone online who shares my fetish for urinating on dried fruit, so we\u2019re going to go on a date next week. ", "A guy studied linguistics just so he could discribe how bad his last job was. ", "If you get caught stealing in Iran, the police take your fingerprints and you don't get them back. ", "The UPS guy was fired for joking around at work... boss said he had to work on his delivery ", "If we lose the time before us, The future will ignore ASS ", "Most people write 'congrats' because they don't know the spelling of conglashulasions. ", "Today is Earth Day, and it should also become a day when normal people make fun of Flat Earthers ", "Amanda thought it'd be unsafe to walk home in my bikini, but I made it back all in one piece. ", "I met a one-legged woman outside of a club the other day...she was a bouncer. ", "Do lesbian squirrels still eat nuts? ", "Intimacy like an hourglass, with the orgasms filling up as the testicles empties. ", "I under stand the ladder and thats why the bucket of paint on it cant fall on me ", "I won\u2019t be shaving this November, in order to raise awareness for how lazy I am. ", "If you whacked a guy right in the mouth with a roll of five cent coins did you give him a nickel sandwich? ", "A car's weakest part is the nut holding the steering wheel. ", "Hey girl, are you dyslexic two? ", "It's a mustard world, I'm just trying to ketchup. ", "Why pay and park when you can steal and run. ", "Hear about the three blonds that walked into a bar? I figured the third one would have ducked. ", "I'm not in an open relationship.. but my girlfriend is.", "Not all couples go to the gym, because some relationships don't work out. ", "The police almost caught a grain thief, but he escaped...barley. ", "There is a God but he has no powers and didn't create the universe ", "How do you find Will Smith in the winter time? follow the Fresh Prints! ", "Wish I could afford prosthetic limbs that doesn't cost me an arm n a leg ", "My penis made it into the Guinness book of world records. But the librarian told me to take it out ", "Went to confession, that priest didn't confess to shit! [deleted]", "i bought a universal remote control and thought to myself, \"wow this changes everything\" ", "Crime in a multi-storey carpark- it's wrong on so many different levels [deleted]", "Every cigarette you stick up your butthole takes 7 years off your marriage. ", "A 12 year old can get pregnant so when you say no sex with minors you're calling evolution stupid ", "Eating breakfast in front of the TV at the same time every day turns the meal into a serial. ", "you know how i can tell that you like it when i shine this torch in your eyes? your whole face lights up. ", "Of all the things Of all the things I've lost I miss my good golf shoes the most.   The ones I wear swimming.  ", "I tried to write a song about drinking but didn't get past the first two bars. ", "Just to let you know, if anyone knocks on your door collecting money for Dr Barnados, it\u2019s a scam. He died in 1905. ", "When life hands you lemons, you begin to question life's fruit giving related decision making. ", "Wall, wall, wall... if it isn't a 3-sided building.", "The chicken crossed the road because KFC is across the street from my home. ", "I saw an ad that said \u201cpersonal trainer\u2019s hate this app!\u201d so I downloaded it and it was just a bunch of videos of really sweaty guys, not wiping down gym equipment ", "When two vegans are fighting each other, is it still considered 'beef'? ", "If Jesus was redacted, we might never have heard of him. ", "When I die bury me upside down so my enemies can kiss my ass! ", "The temperature went from 70 to 30 like it saw a state trooper. ", "We need more research on substandard data collection. ", "I took an umbrella to a baby shower. ", "If you're hotter than me, then that means I'm cooler than you. ", "I recently called my necrophiliac friend... [deleted]", "I said I was a nihilist, wasn't expecting \"Yeah Egyptian stuff is cool\". ", "BREAKING NEWS: Eleven reindeer face trial after allegations of racism ", "I'm addicted to sitcoms from the 90's, it's a vicious Urkel. ", "With my runny nose and high temperature, I made sure to shake everyone's hands in the doctors' waiting room, because, it's how I make friends and influenza people. ", "My sister just bet me I couldn\u2019t build a car out of spaghetti. Should\u2019ve seen her face when I pasta. ", "yo yoda yolo yodo ", "I used to go to the gym but it was too expensive so I am shoplifting instead. ", "The difference between purple and pink is the grip. ", "To spell Panda, You just need P and A ", "A Rectangle fell in love with a pair of Parallel Lines and it said, \"you took my breadth away!\" ", "To neigh or not to neigh, that is equestrian. ", "The best band is the Police because when they say put your hands up you don't know whether to be excited or scared. [deleted]", "Jesus fed 2000 people with five loaves of bread and two fishes, but Hitler made six million Jews toast. ", "I was playing chess with my friend and he said, \u2018Let\u2019s make this interesting\u2019, so we stopped playing chess. ", "It's Friday the 13th, so avoid ladders, black cats and ridiculous superstitions... ", "It was time to return from Lovers' Lane and that's when the rubber hit the road. ", "A Chandler fan is called a chandelier ", "I'd rather have a bottle in front of me, than a frontal lobotomy. ", "For years I used to think I was a leg of pork..... but, my doctor cured me. ", "Hunter sees a sign on the road saying \"Bear Left\" so he goes home. ", "I can count all the women I've slept with on one hook. ", "\"Be aggressive....be be aggressive\" is not an appropriate cheer to give someone stricken with cancer. ", "I\u2019m art motherfucker don\u2019t touch me. Best line I\u2019ve ever come up with at a bar.", "I tarded once but didn't like it so Im not gonna retard ", "I haven\u2019t slept for ten days, because that would be too long. ", "I'm a vegan, but only when no one else is around; I really don't want to have a beef with anyone. ", "Yo mama\u2019s so fat, the Hogwarts sorting hat placed her in Waffle House. ", "Ever since 9/11, the firemen have been getting all the pussy... [deleted]", "If a soldier drags a power cable across a battlefield, is he leading the charge? ", "I can\u2019t believe I got fired from the calendar factory, I mean, all I did was take a day off. ", "Be there or be square because you won't be a round! ", "I wanted to be a plumber but now I realize it's just a pipe dream ", "After 1,26 billion of years one isotope of potassium said to another: We are gone ", "Watching porn gives men unrealistic expectations of horses. [deleted]", "Time flies like an arrow and fruit flies like a banana [deleted]", "Did you hear about the cannibal that passed his brother in the jungle? ", "Pig puns are so boaring. ", "The inventor of weightlifting chalk must be rubbing his hands.... ", "In terms of computers, a Dell makes the best music ", "This happens because shit happens [deleted]", "This summer I almost drowned in a pool - it was a breath taking experience. ", "Did ya ever hear the one about the Laughing Strangler? Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha, well, it'll kill ya... ", "Eating ass is an acquired taste. ", "I came here to do TWO things: a biathlon, ", "Talk with someone about skin tags today. [deleted]", "Cemeteries are gated because people are dying to get in. ", "My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline and boy, did she hit the roof! ", "When you say beaucoup it really means a lot. ", "If you soaked your feet in the fountain of youth... would they get wrinkly? ", "A \u201cline\u201d is defined as the shortest distance from point A to point B. Any midget joke counts. ", "I lost count of how many virginities I still have after losing my nose virginity. ", "I won $3million in last night's lottery. I am going to donate a quarter of it to charity. Now I have $2,999,999.75 ", "I have a fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over it. ", "You know you've spent too much time at the office when you dial 0 at home for an outside line. ", "I don't know who this \"Spam\" person is, but they're really clingy. [deleted]", "I jumped a red light; my new pogo stick is fucking brilliant. [deleted]", "I'm not the sharpest bulb in the shed ", "Imagine being a tennis ball - people applauding because you got hit really hard. ", "9/11 Should be National Jenga Blocks Day Just give it some thought and let me know. Oh, and contact your local and state representatives to make my dream a reality.", "I'll never forget the first day we brought my sister home from the hospital [deleted]", "They say hindsight is 2020, but I never saw this coming! ", "The difference between a Messiah and a witch is, gender discrimination. ", "If you're having trouble understanding fractions, don't worry, our helpline is open 24/7. ", "I applied for a job at Microsoft, but I don't think I got it, because they never responded to my telegram. ", "Why does my navel sounds like an asshole? ", "Time flies like wind, fruit flies like banana ", "Instead of being cremated or buried when I die, I'd much rather my body be cut into pieces and sent to people I don't like. ", "Reconstructing prisons is a rewarding job. ", "If at first you don't succeed, we have a lot in common. ", "I never thought that our death would be 'Made in China' ", "It's like what my friend with a speech impediment used to say: easier done than said [deleted]", "Are dachshund born that way or do they start normal and get weiner. ", "It goes without saying that, well, you know ... ", "A lighthouse is actually very heavy. ", "My New Year's revolution is to proofread more. ", "People who can\u2019t stop buying full length mirrors need to take a good long look at themselves. ", "If your saggy boobs don't get enough support, people are going to think they're nuts. ", "Replacing car mufflers all day makes me so exhausted. ", "I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous ", "I was afraid when I got into an argument with an amputee, but then I realised he was mostly armless. ", "When making counterfeit money always try to avoid making a bad impression. ", "When an old man wanted to retire from being a traffic cop, his boss gave him the green light. ", "This week on my normal addiction, alcohol! ", "Hearing a new release is music to my hears. [deleted]", "I see through your evil plan to make all solids transparent! ", "Masks are a good Idea, I have been telling women to wear them for years. ", "If \"virgin\" Mary didn't feel it if I impregnated her, I wouldn't brag about it ", "The rotation of earth really makes my day ", "Yoko Ono translates to \u201cone egg\u201d. ", "Imagine what happens if none of your bees wax. ", "Supply teachers don't usually have a lot of class. ", "Jesus. As Jesus carried his cross, he said to everyone, \n\nDo not touch the Easter Eggs, I will be back Monday.", "My wife's a mortician, from the day we met, I knew I had to cadaver. [deleted]", "If you love someone, set them free. If they flap their wings and fly away, it's a bird. You were in love with a bird. ", "Golf: The adult version of an Easter egg hunt. ", "What do they call their good dishes in China? ", "My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them. ", "If you invent a better mouse trap, mice become your ally in making money ", "I was going to re-face our fireplace without my wife\u2019s knowledge, but I don\u2019t have the stones for that. ", "There comes a time in every man\u2019s life when he must finish what he ", "OK. I see many hands up . I see... ", "Did you hear about the cross-eyed teacher who lost her job because she couldn't control her pupils? ", "My math teacher called me average.. ... how mean! ", "Timmy! Stop making people re-read stuff by putting question marks at the end of sentences?! ", "The second day of a diet is always easier than the first. By the second day, you\u2019re off it. ", "As if it wasn't bad enough being Dyslexic, now I've got the Racoon Virus. ", "How have you been? [removed]", "My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I wanted a second opinion, so he replied, \"okay, you're ugly, too.\" [deleted]", "A Roman walks into a bar, holds up 2 fingers, and gets 5 drinks. ", "The world is my oyster, even a little bit makes me want to throw up ", "I pulled a gluteal muscle. Its a real pain in the ass.  ", "Skool daze ver gr8 ", "Happy motherfuckers day (father's day) ", "Ever since they legalized marijuana I've been chronically late to work sometimes. ", "My girlfriend accused me of \u201cgas lighting\u201d, so I told her that she is insane for making up such things. ", "\"There's plenty of fish in the sea \", but until I catch one, I'm here holding my rod. ", "Thanks to mislabelling, I have finally discovered the first yellow human blood. ", "Just changed my Facebook name to 'No one' so when I see stupid posts, I can click like and it will say 'No one likes this'. ", "If you cant stop killing people, its probably cuz you never started ", "Admitting you have a problem is the first step to me saying \u201c Ha! I told you so.\u201d [deleted]", "Most people have 32 teeth and some have 6, it's simple meth. ", "I used to play cards with an origami master, but every hand he folded. ", "Anorexic vampires use blood thinners. [deleted]", "If religious people think getting high is bad, why do they want you to get high on Jesus? ", "Living in a vacuum would really suck &amp;#x200B;", "I've decided to sell all my chiropractic magazines, I have lots of back issues. ", "My nickname in college was \"The Love Machine\". I sucked at tennis. ", "\"Well, I've got news for you, pal, you ain't leadin' but two things right now: Jack and shit... and Jack left town.\" - Ashley Joanna Williams ", "Women might be able to fake orgasms, but men can fake a whole relationship. ", "At the College Of Stealth I took a class on how to fart silently ", "My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban at the zoo. ", "When my wife asked if I was going to yoga with her, I said, \u201cNamaste home today.\u201d ", "Ancient scribes who hired Aztec writers had to make sure the Inca was dry. ", "At the bus stop, a midget started off a story by saying, \"When I was little.\" ", "If you dont believe in multiverse that an object can be in 2 places at once, then how can a fat guy sit in 2 chairs at once ", "The status quo in my family is to never mention existing conditions. ", "We tried making airplanes out of horse manure but that shit didn't fly ", "Marriage...because your shitty day doesn't have to end after work. ", "Getting brain surgery soon but really I don't mind it [deleted]", "I'd be pretty darn cool if I weren't so cocky yet self critical ", "I offered my grandmother a fiver for a ride on her stair lift. I think shes going to take me up on it.", "One out of ten dentists agree that nine of them are sellouts. ", "When a painter gets cold he puts on another coat. ", "How do you get Piakchu on the bus? .................. You Poke him on! ", "Sadly everyone was sad, but luckily everyone was lucky! ", "My easy English teacher got arrested for having sex with a minor, she was the only person in the class who got a D. ", "I was embarrassed that my mum got me a castle shaped calculator, but it's the fort that counts ", "Vows: \"I promise to validate you on every form of social media till death or bad wifi do us part\" ", "Someone stole my dictionary and I'm at a loss for words ", "Its been a fantastic year for me, I made a movie with lassie the dog. I played the lead [deleted]", "You guys hear the one about the insecure comedian? never mind, you probably won't won't laugh.", "I wonder what he's thinking... ", "It\u2019s sad that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs. ", "Donald Trump is like tentacle porn, I have no desire for it but I can't look away either. ", "95% of statistics are made up. ", "If you have a crooked smile, maybe you should embrace it. ", "The magical tractor went down the road and turned into a field. ", "You know you getting old when your last birthday cake was mostly wax. ", "I need medical marijuana to get over my crippling fear of bongs. ", "During a nuclear explosion, there is a certain distance of the radius where all the frozen supermarket pizzas are cooked to perfection. ", "I saw a judge enter the food court and I didn't know I should stand up or not ", "Jazz musicians love group Sax ", "I would tell you a joke about bread, But you dont knead to hear it. ", "My wife dropped her epilepsy medicine in the washing machine so her clothes don\u2019t fit anymore. ", "I\u2019m no ghost - I\u2019m an unfinished businessman! ", "The other day I hurt myself with a Razor... I fell off my scooter ", "Wife: \"Will you still love me when I'm fat and ugly?\"....... Me: \"You know I do.\" ", "I knew how to relieve my itchiness from scratch. ", "In honor of GovSchwarzenegger's AMA here is my favorite one liner from him.... \"So you want to be a farmer\".. (Kicks bad guy in nuts) ...\"Here are a couple of acres\"", "So it turns out that 'harder' was a bad choice of safeword. ", "So many girls have tramp-stamps that I'm starting to think the girls that don't have them are the real freaks ", "The only exercise I do are diddly-squats. ", "Cosmic humor is universally funny ", "If A-B-C-D didn\u2019t drag out their part of the Alphabet song, LMNOP wouldn\u2019t have to be so rushed. ", "Super chicken is a capon with a cape on. ", "I know she ate a worm but we are not here to debate de bait deb ate ", "A cynic is someone who...eh, but who isn't! ", "I don't think I've ever cleaned my bathroom mirror which reflects badly on me. ", "I doubt there\u2019s a heaven; I think the people from hell have probably bought it for a timeshare. ", "I hate to admit it, my wife's cooking has seriously improved. That was the best slice of soup I've ever had. ", "Avoiding dark souls comparisons is the dark souls of discussing video games ", "I used to be a banker, But I lost interest ", "The flat earth society has members all around the globe. ", "Someone stole my mood ring and I\u2019m not sure how I feel about that. ", "A cinema based religion would say \"I find your lack of faith disturbing\" to unbelievers ", "A dyslexic man walks into a bra ", "Remember only enemies speak the truth. Friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of duty. Mark Twain", "I really want to buy one of these grocery checkout dividers but the lady keeps putting it back. ", "I like to do one liners cause an 8 ball is to much cocain ", "Doors tell the best knock knock jokes. ", "My wife didn't like how much I spent on a stereo system. I thought it was a sound investment. ", "A magician was walking down the street and turned into a grocery store. ", "Do dolphins ever get tattoos of 19 year old community college girls? ", "Two wrongs don\u2019t make a right, but three lefts do. ", "When they told me I was bi-polar, I wasn\u2019t sure whether to laugh it off or cry it out. ", "I thought I packed a memory card for my camera, but I forgot to. ", "When the Big Bang took place, nothing mattered. ", "'War Crimes' [deleted]", "The perks of working in a keyboard factory..... Extra shifts. ", "People call me a hypochondriac, which really hurts. ", "FYI... It's open Mike night at club Autopsy. ", "The two guys caught drinking battery acid will soon be charged. ", "Its difficult to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally. ", "The only females I attract are mosquitoes ", "Why does nobody seem to know what \u201cIDK\u201d means? ", "I wake up with a great attitude everyday, then idiots happens. ", "Can you get tan when it's 90 degrees? ", "If you don\u2019t like murals, you\u2019re not looking at the big picture. [deleted]", "Cliches must be avoided like the plague. ", "Posting a v.redd.it link to /r/mildlyinfuriating is the most meta thing you can do ", "Anti-vaxxers are a problem that solves itself. ", "Absentee dads be like ", "Boycott $1000 a plate dinners. ", "I watched a documentary on how ships are held together that was just riveting! ", "I've told you a million times not to exaggerate. ", "The first thing I do when I wake up every morning is try really hard to sleep. ", "Porn isnt that bad it prevents rape [deleted]", "If sex with animals wasnt great, it would be legal and people just wouldnt do it [deleted]", "What president never closed his eyes or changed his name? Abraham Lincoln. He was always Abe Lincoln", "A dog gave birth to puppies near the road and was ticketed for littering. ", "__________ ", "When my wife walked in on me masturbating to an optical illusion, I threw my hands up and pleaded. \u201cHoney, it\u2019s not what it looks like!\u201d ", "I think I may be emotionally constipated, because I haven't given a crap in days! ", "open mic comedy in Syria: people are very supportive, but there will be no one left if anyone bombs [deleted]", "I saw on the news that a guy got 8 horses stuck up his butt. Doctors say he's in stable condition. [deleted]", "My karma ran over your dogma ", "Doggy-style, now that is a position I can get behind! ", "My girlfriend has a thing for hairy chests, but I keep saying that it doesn't suit her. ", "the end is near but if you stand very still god wont see you and will go away ", "Candle I could\u2019ve keep the candle lit. Guess I blew it.", "My dentist took x-rays and now I have tooth pics. ", "Redneck oneliner [deleted]", "Save on syllab ", "Since brackish water is the mix of fresh and salt, shouldn't the President's name be Brack Obama? Sounds right to me. ", "Isolation may not be a good thing but my KD on COD has hit 2.1 ", "My grandma told me her joints are getting weaker, so I told her to roll them tighter. ", "Restaurant toilets are fu***ng dangerous. So many of my dates have gone to use them and vanished. ", "The misdeeds of past coalitions of big companies is why I have trust issues. ", "It's impossible to dry your feet if you're standing in the middle of a creek. ", "When I was a little boy my teacher said I should be an astronaut... [removed]", "Moderation is key I only drink on days that start with T, like Tuesday and Thursday and today and tomorrow", "Isis huge in Antarctica ", "Many clouds look like animals, but the sheep is the only animal that looks like a cloud. ", "\u201cDO NOT TOUCH\u201d must one of the most terrifying things to read in braille. ", "When wine, women, and song start to play on a man's health; it's time to give up singing ", "Farting before you shit is like wasting rocket fuel. just realized this truth", "I'm less nervous about getting the coronavirus than I would be about landing a role on Glee. ", "If you read my autobiography from back to front it's about a guy that hasn't sold a single copy of his book. ", "I've fallen in love with a pencil and we're getting married and I can't wait to introduce my parents to my bride 2B. ", "Welcome to IADF, short for International Dyslexia Awareness Foundation ", "I like life so much I have seen it three times. ", "A eunuch's life is hard. ", "If you're waiting for me to make a joke about Peter Crouch dressed in armour and wielding a sword, you're in for a long knight. ", "My blind date didn\u2019t see anything in me ", "Napping is one of those things that is so easy, you can do it with your eyes closed. ", "If Snoop Dogg dies before pot becomes legal in the US, he'll be rolling in his grave. ", "Will Freddie Mercury play that guitar? No, but Brian May... ", "I frogot what you toad me, probably because I'm a tadpolish. ", "If two people who have names that sound the same and got married, then can we call them a rhyming couplet? ", "I wish mosquitoes sucked fat instead of blood. ", "When someone donates a kidney they're considered a hero but when I donate 4 why am I getting arrested? ", "Be compassionate towards what you can't feel love about. ", "\u201cWrite a wise saying and your name will live forever. \u201d \u2014Anonymous. ", "Canada is planning a mission to the moon. We're calling it the Apollo-G. ", "The air conditioning tech came by my house this morning, so I spent the afternoon just chilling. ", "Anorexics must be starving for attention ", "I was born to be a pessimist. My blood type is B Negative. ", "The professor discovered that his theory of earthquakes was on shaky ground. [deleted]", "The best example of \"united is strength\" is the fact that a single dollar cannot do much, but a BILLION single dollar together can buy whatever the crap I want ", "Irony: having a coke machine reject your dollar bill for it being rolled up too many times. ", "The share button on reddit should be called spreddit ", "Women wearing hats never wander far from their frosted flakes. ", "I don't understand how people get eaten by sharks? I mean...don't they hear the music? ", "My ex told me to go F myself, I beat her to it ", "My girlfriend kicked me out of the house because of my bad Arnold Schwarzenegger impression but don't worry, I will return. ", "I got caught stirring up trouble in chemistry class, so the teacher sent me home on a colloidal suspension ", "Give a man a fish and he'll eat for a day. Give him jellyfish and you can pee on him. ", "When a trapeze artist loses their job, do they get let go? ", "Alzheimer's isn't so bad - you meet new people every day. ", "Phones are so expensive nowadays, when you fall and hear a crack, you hope it\u2019s just your leg. ", "I poured my root beer into a square glass, now I just have beer! ", "I accidentally swapped my dads sleeping pills with my viagra. He says it's a lot harder getting to sleep these days. ", "I think I don't have a brain ", "the ocean is salty because the beach never waves back ", "I'm always nervous when a woman sees me naked for the first time that she'll just scream and run out of the park. ", "The sign on my store that refurbishes gearshift assemblies should not have said 'seeking post-op trannies'. ", ") I keep misspelling onomatopeeya! ", "WHY DUN CALL BUM AN \"ASS\"!? ", "Love is like a fart [removed]", "Forklift operators do not care for oneliners - they find them unpalletable. ", "Wanted: self-sufficient pub landlord. Apply with inn. ", "I read that the first sign of AIDS is a severe pounding in the Rectum. ", "I thought it would be fun for my girlfriend and I to experiment with a chastity belt - total anticlimax. ", "If you can't drink and drive, why do we need a drivers license to buy alcohol. ", "She told me that she only listens to satellite radio and I said, \"You can't be Sirius.\" ", "MISSING: Palindromic number ", "I did abroad for a semester, and then broke up with her. [deleted]", "Your family tree must be a cactus, because everyone on it is a prick. ", "You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice. ", "I keep asking the people at my job what \"NSFW\" stands for, but none of them will tell me. ", "A skeleton walks into a bar and asks for a beer and a mop. ", "Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud. ", "I invented the cold air balloon but it never really took off. ", "Those new house cleaning robots are sweeping the nation. ", "Did you know that squirrels die after they have sex? ...... Well... The one I fucked did anyways.... ", "America is the only place where people go hunting on a full stomach. ", "That Bruce Wayne guy is bat shit crazy. ", "----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Am I doing this correctly?", "If I had a choice between ending world hunger or watching a mountain lion perform a guitar solo, everybody would eat but I'd regret it forever. ", "I actually watched inception when it first came out on my phone inside a cinema... ", "Stevie Wonder got a cheese grater for his birthday and he said it was the scariest book he'd ever read. ", "Finding a 'needle in a haystack' is quite easy, if you set the hay on fire. ", "I'm not one for blanket statements but all comforters are the same. ", "I bought a top of the range scuba diving outfit, it's even waterproof. ", "My girlfriend wanted me to tease her... I said, \"Alright, Fatty!\" ", "Incorrectly is always spelt Incorrectly, unless it's spelt incorrectly. ", "I lay face down, a shameful feeling, trusted a fart, but hit the ceiling. ", "I\u2019m starting an outreach program for people with poor flexibility ", "I once honked at a police officer to see if it was legal. It's not ", "What do you call a deer with no eyes? : No eye deer. ", "So, I\u2019ve started turning my lights on and off with my voice, now I\u2019m arguing with my lightbulbs. ", "It's never enough apple juice, until it is ", "Its quite ironic that 'strap on', backwards, spells 'no parts'. ", "Hindus suck at YOLO. ", "I must have a nice butt, because every time I turn around, I hear people whisper \"What an ass.\" ", "I would never moon anyone because that would be embarrassing. [deleted]", "My guitar wouldn't make any noise, then I realized it was an autoustic guitar... ", "For her birthday, my girlfriend told me that nothing would make her happier than a diamond ring, so I bought her nothing. ", "I can't stand sitting. Serious words spoken by my brother, after sitting for too long.", "It's sad to think that some baseball players feel that NFL cheerleaders are out of their league ", "Who is Eve and why does everyone wish them a merry Christmas? ", "Mosquitos suck. ", "A pirate's favorite letter is \"R\", or at least that's true for Pirate Ralph. ", "My favorite part of 1917 was that one shot ", "It seems in style to be angry, and that really pisses me off! ", "I used to love birthday punches, until they killed my 93 year old grandpa. [deleted]", "I had a joke about time travel, but you guys didn\u2019t like it. ", "She was only a whisky maker, but he loved her still. ", "After eating a foal my voice got a little horse ", "I tested positive for optimism. ", "When I die, I'd like to be cremated. I think I've urned it. ", "What do you call a woman standing between 2 goal posts ? (ANNETTE) ", "We drove in circles so long, I wasn't sure how it was going to turn out. ", "I think it's great that you're turning over a new leaf, but keep going; the gutters are full of them. ", "If I see one more post about Dyslexia my Brian will buts! ", "the devil sells souls back for twice what he paid cuz thats just good business ", "I was into necrophilia, bestiality, and S&amp;M - until I realized I was just beating a dead horse. ", "I'm going to walk in wearing only a timepiece on my wrist - just watch. ", "You can't beat a gold medallist. ", "3D printers have become so realistic now that I printed out a life sized Bob Marley playing the guitar and the paper started jammin'. ", "I don't like to brag, but once, I was the youngest person alive on Earth. ", "The word \"cyclops\" should be spelt \"cycliops\" so that it has one \"I\". ", "I usually meet my girlfriend at 12:59 because I like that one-to-one time. [deleted]", "Pedicures are often given by Vietnamese women because they speak a toe-nsil language ", "Call me missconception \u2018cause I\u2019m pregnant ", "I once lost $5000 on a horse, she just trotted off with it. ", "Why is there only one Monopoly and Mergers Regulator? ", "Diarrhea is hereditary [deleted]", "It's like my mother always said...What the fuck is wrong with you? ", "I went into IKOP stoned as a kid and instead of asking smoking or non the greater just stared and said \"SMOOOKING????\" [deleted]", "Being a teacher is like being in a bad marriage; your needs are never met, but you stay in it for the kids. ", "Can the hive mind create humour out of thin air? r/FollowThePunchline", "I'm not really sure how I feel about ambivalence. ", "When I finally bought my last collector's item, I was all set. ", "I know the first thing about BDSM until I found someone willing to show me the ropes. ", "Anybody who thinks video games don't cause violence has clearly never slammed a controller down and screamed at the TV as they ragequit ", "I wish I'd stop thinking that Satan's hiding in a ditch waiting for me, but I just can't hell pit. ", "Moderate-to-severe Crohn's is a shitty disease. ", "Santa Clause Little Joey wrote to santa \u201cgive me a sister\u201d. Santa wrote back \u201cgive me your mother\u201d.", "Hair salons are closed, nail salons are closed, makeup stores are closed...its about to get real ugly out here ", "Unsharpened pencils are pointless ", "Don't drink and drive, you might hit a bump and spill your drink. ", "I gave my pony a glass of water. He was a little horse. ", "A cannibal is someone who is fed up with people. ", "So I was fucking an entrepreneur on my chaise lounge, pardon my French... [deleted]", "Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. \u201cYes\u201d is the answer [removed]", "Peanuts are like cashews in a nutshell. [deleted]", "Police are working tirelessly to catch the local wheel thief. ", "If time is money, and money is the root of all evil, then wasting time is fighting evil. [deleted]", "My girlfriend bakes a mean homemade pretzel, but with a twist. ", "Irony is when you write 'Save trees' on a piece of paper. ", "There is Easy Mode, Hard Mode and Depeche Mode. ", "I hate being bi-polar it\u2019s amazing. ", "Fact..! First its hurts you, then its changes you.", "I just ate Reese's Cups. He was pissed ", "I'm trying to find another word for jailbreak but it escapes me. ", "You are like a brick floating in space. Forever going in the wrong direction. ", "Intelligent people are more likely to talk to themselves. At least, that\u2019s what I tell myself. ", "You need thick skin to be a banana. [deleted]", "My wife keeps telling me to stop pretending to be butter, but I'm on a roll now. ", "I'm killing time because time is killing me ", "That kid is definitely going places - prison is a place, too. ", "How the snow plough driver get to work? ", "These giant squid jokes are kraken me up! ", "Accountants often appear dour as they don't want to be seen laughing at your expense. ", "Bart Simpson writes what he most believes preceded by NOT on a chalkboard ", "Depending on what a cow believed you might be eating a jew or a muslim ", "I used to be a shepherd, but had no idea how many sheep I had, just kept falling asleep trying to count them. ", "Two fortune tellers meet on the street and one says to the other, \"You're fine, how am I?\" ", "I can count all my friends on one middle finger. ", "Light travels faster than sound, which is why some people appear bright... until you hear them speak. ", "Thinking about buying some tribal land but I have a few reservations ", "The other day I was cleaning my carpets when I spilled spot remover on my dog. I haven't seen him since ", "At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog he is adopted? ", "of Minecraft has shown us anything it\u2019s that that you shouldn\u2019t spend your diamonds on hoes ", "\"Androgyny\" is hard to define. ", "It's okay to make a rounding error twice in a while. ", "Why is Monday so far from Friday, and Friday so close to Monday? ", "Someone ripped some pages out of both ends of my dictionary today, so now, it just goes from bad to worse. ", "10 guidelines for Christian living [removed]", "When I applied for shift work, I didn't realise the\"F\" was silent. ", "If you don\u2019t believe in human perseverance you clearly haven\u2019t seen a smoker trying to use a broken lighter. ", "A group of kids is called a migraine ", "Homer Simpson answers the phone \"Yellow?\" ", "I wear glasses when I program so I can C#. ", "If there's a sock on my doorknob it means I'm having sex with the other one. ", "My son is using a calculator, a spreadsheet, an abacus and a slide rule to work out 32/8...he's got a lot to answer four. ", "The thing about walking shoes is you never know where they end up. ", "bored ... ?? [removed]", "I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it -Mitch Hedberg ", "Making porn videos gives you a higher chance of going viral. ", "I was at a gig once and this fat girl punched me in the face I dunno why. It was Massive Attack. ", "My wife is spreading rumors that I'm schizophrenic. Well three can play that game. ", "My girlfriend said she hates giving me oral sex, well, at least I think that's what she was trying to say. ", "what did red fox say when his wife walked in on him jerking it to clown porn? \"Im cummin elizibeth!\"", "Harddick is big, he is the only tallest Indian guy I've ever seen hardik is an Indian male name", "Laughing at serious clown. ", "I hired Fibonacci as a personal trainer, and now I can do 89 push ups in 10 seconds. ", "So it turns out that every office is NSFW now [deleted]", "An army veteran rolls into alcoholics anonymous. ", "My son was born with water on the brain, the doctor cured him with a tap on the head. ", "Some pronounce it as gif, others say gif but the correct way is actually gif ", "When my big toe got stuck underneath a semi tire I yelled to my friends to hurry and call a big tow truck. ", "Never throw scissors, you might lose your scissors. [deleted]", "The British woman who fell off the cruise ship has been named as Eileen Dover. ", "Laughing hysterically after your unapproved experiment has exploded in the lab can be grounds for instant dismissal. ", "Proving that this community is unmoderated. Two lines. ", "Is a crazy horse unstable? ", "I phoned the Broken Tap coldline ", "Successfully surprising my disappoinments. Successfully surprising my disappoinments.", "When you\u2019re Russian for food, there\u2019s time for Stalin ", "I mixed Vodka and Prune Juice = It's called a Pile Driver ", "If your leg is amputated, the hair on the leg is also amputated, but if you shave your leg first then its not ", "Mike who cheese stinks. ", "You gotta hand it to blind hookers ", "I think diarrhea is hereditary, because it certainly runs in your jeans! ", "I got an unregistered gun I call \u201cclitoris\u201d so far no man has been able to find it. ", "The more say SpaceX, the more you\u2019ll want it ", "Nobody likes sweeping statements. ", "A rose by any other name just confuses people. ", "Sir you can't bring that wad of cash on the plane cuz you could pay the guards to let you hijack it [deleted]", "Elton John is great at playing the piano...... But he sucks on an organ. ", "My bakery burned down, now the business is toast. ", "Sperm banks are places people go for hand made babies. ", "Hitler bit off way more than he could Jew. ", "I told my friend I threw a stick 5 miles and my dog retrieved it, but he said it seemed a bit far fetched. ", "I was going to tell a finance joke, but then again, it would bear no interest to you. ", "Ever since I got back into bed, I've been fully recovered. ", "Do you think if I started wearing golf skirts I'd get a hole in one? ", "I'm no Shaman, but if I want it to rain, I just leave the top of my Jeep overnight. ", "Embargo spelled backwards is O grab me. ", "It was so good she consented after i started ", "I told my son to stop playing Russian roulette, but you know how it is with kids, in one ear, out the other. ", "I'm a confident driver - confident that I'm going to hit something. ", "I really didn't want to go to the Harry Houdini party, but there was no getting out of it. ", "I like to live on the edge of danger, just not to cross it [deleted]", "Today I saw some incorrect flags during a school presentation and realized why I'm single. ", "The best angle to approach a problem is from the tryangle. ", "You know you\u2019re working class when your TV is bigger than your book case. ", "Now Playing: Tinnitus. Loved that sustained note though. ", "I'd give you the shirt off my back to prove that I'm a nudist. ", "The sign language shop has a statue of a pink horse by its front door, which I guess is open for interpretation. ", "A Soviet reindeer is known as Rudolph the Red. ", "Some people can\u2019t tell a penis apart from a teste even though there is a vas deferens between them. ", "Cleavage is like the sun. You can look, but don\u2019t stare.. Unless you\u2019re wearing sunglasses. ", "My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction, so I packed up my stuff and right. ", "Red Sox Management has announced that no hands, touching hands, reaching out, touching me, touching you, will be tolerated at this season's games. ", "Everyone thinks they are unique until they have to create a username. ", "I just asked my husband if he remembers what today is... scaring men is easy. ", "How do you survive if you can't drink until you're 21? ", "I just read a book about Helium. It was so good that I can't put it down. ", "When I get naked in the bathroom, it's the shower that gets turned on. ", "Did you hear about the jurisprudence fetishist who got off on a technicality? ", "I once met a crazed man muttering incoherently about ancient Mesopotamia, but I had to stop him, because I didn\u2019t want him to Babylon. ", "Poop jokes aren't my favorite, but they're a solid number two. ", "If you dont like sleeping with your neighbors dog, tell him its too loud ", "The best trick to save cellphone battery is to use a watch. [removed]", "A lot of drunk guys hit on ugly women, but I'm not like them - I'm not drunk. ", "My new bicycle is so nice, it\u2019s a push-to-start. ", "If it doesn\u2019t have a tail it\u2019s not a monkey. ", "My dad likes to sit in his front yard chasing people off his property, like some Lawn Enforcement Officer. ", "When someone says, \"You do the math.\", you should also offer to assist them in their grammar. ", "A very wise woman once said.......Nothing!! ", "A zoo had a camel with no humps named \u2018Humphrey.\u2019 ", "Improve your memory by doing unforgettable things. ", "I like buying corn from pirates, they sell it for a buccaneer. ", "________________________________ers ", "I'm going to go stand outside, so if anyone asks, I'm outstanding. [deleted]", "Guy with a 2 foot dick went to jail for sex with a minor inside an adult ", "I'm only half ambidextrous. ", "If my wife isn't careful she'll get hit by a drunk driver tonight but we'll just tell her dad she fell down the stairs. ", "My girlfriend was hit by a bus, the hardest part of the whole ordeal was having to learn how to drive a bus. ", "The new prisoner was loud and obnoxious but his cellmate was able to rectify the problem. ", "Apparently if you can\u2019t aim properly, urinal lot of trouble. ", "I hate it when people show a strong disliking to something. ", "Kids are selling chocolate at my school to pay for their prom tickets. I considered prostitution, but then I remembered you can\u2019t sell something nobody wants to buy. ", "My friend told me a race war was starting, but I'm a pacifist and I had to leave the country so I just told her I'd be white black. ", "The number 10210 is too intense. ", "All my one liners are unfunny. ", "If it weren't for mini blinds It would be curtains for all of us.", "Beautiful girls without boyfriend are more attractive \ud83d\ude05 ", "The saying, \u201csay no to drugs\u201d has always made me laugh, because if you\u2019re talking to drugs, it\u2019s probably too late to say no to them. ", "When the teacher told us to solve the puzzle without using addition, we were all nonplussed ", "Why do you play with my heart, when I bought you a Gameboy? ", "An orphan's family photo is called a selfie. ", "I was really upset when the doctor asked for a stool sample. This morning, I gave him shit. So basically I got over it.", "I bought camouflage seat covers so it looks like I\u2019m doing squats when I drive. ", "He's had the clap so many times, it's more like applause by now. ", "I was talking to a girl South African girl in her native language and, man, we just clicked. [deleted]", "I sold my soul to the devil, and then a week later, he asked me what my return policy was. [deleted]", "Everyone can catch a bullet at least once. ", "I've just seen a very confusing book called, \"Ventriloquism for Dummies.\" ", "I couldn't find any rutabagas at the grocery store today - they just didn't turnip. ", "I named my eraser Confidence because it gets smaller after every mistake I make. ", "Whoever named the 'missle' was not very optimistic. ", "Being gay is a pain in the ass ", "Spilling Parmesan all over my laptop gives a whole new meaning to Mac 'n Cheese. ", "I started an anti masturbation support group... Nobody came. ", "The only convenient part about these Dyson Airblade urinals is you can at least dry your hands in them at the end ", "I write \"whioncele\" every once in a while. ", "When it comes to fucking up the punchline, I've been there, done that, got the tea cup. ", "Atheist flat earther ", "I couldn't watch the twins perform in the big tops because it was two in tents. ", "getting what i want is like getting last digit of pi ", "If you are a man in a hurry to become a woman, chop chop! ", "May 2020 bring clear vision to all of us. Cheers! ", "My doctor asked if I drink to sleep; sure, I'll drink to anything. ", "You know you've got a high sperm count when she has to chew before she swallows. ", "A farmer counted 196 cows in his field, but when he rounded them up, he had 200. ", "If time makes the heart grow fonder then where is my dad? ", "My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are. But I laugh more. ", "Yas ! Successfully surprising my disappoinments .", "I'm not superstitious, but I heard if you say something it might become true. [deleted]", "Faith. The final frontier for people who lisp. ", "I handle change well by putting it into the parking meter. ", "The irony of an Egyptian woman having a miscarriage is the tomb is inside the mummy. ", "Gravity really wears me down. [deleted]", "I have had amnesia for as long as I can remember. ", "Mountains aren\u2019t just funny, they\u2019re hill areas. ", "Saw too angry failed maths students rectangularing up to each other in the pub. ", "I have pre-traumatic stress disorder ", "I spilled spot remover on my dog; now he's gone. ", "I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it. ", "You can't cut corners when drawing a circle ", "I don't not hate double negatives. [deleted]", "A lot of people cry when they cut onions, but the trick is not to form an emotional bond. ", "999$ for that, Apple? I won't stand for it! ", "Beauty is a skin-deep business. The cosmetic giants recognise this and exploit it. [removed]", "The local mimes aren't exactly on speaking terms. ", "I've bent over backwards trying to teach people how to limbo. ", "It's an extremely salty move to Kikkoman when he's down. ", "Resume tip: Disney++ is not a real programming language ", "I always take two shirts golfing just in case I get a hole in one. ", "The only time I would want to hold your face is when I want to know how to say \u201cphotosynthesis\u201d in Braille. ", "I was kicked out of a Hallmark in Vegas for counting cards. [deleted]", "The best way to communicate with a fish is to drop them a line. ", "I have the head of a gangster - it's my Kraynium. ", "I like my men like I like my coffee...ground up and in the freezer ", "My ex made sure that I would never forget that forgetting my wedding anniversary was the second dumbest thing I ever did. ", "Two Women Sitting in a Room Quietly. .", "The most confusing time to suddenly go deaf would be during a moment of silence. You\u2019d be like \u201cWow, is this going to last forever?\u201d ", "I was sentenced to house arrest but I wasn't in at the time ", "My father only hit me once but he used a Ford. ", "If I ever meet the lazy jerk who wrote the dictionary, I'll really have some words for him ", "I make apocalypse jokes like there's no tomorrow. ", "All my titanic jokes tend to sink ", "Its okay to misfit, we are not jigsaw. ", "To be a white supremacist you have to think white humans are better than space aliens ", "12 gauge vasectomy ", "I wonder if Swollen Members could help Limp Bizkits career. ", "stay positive to the last day of your life ", "I went shopping for cherries and microphones yesterday and bought a bing, bought a boom. ", "My pastor\u2019s insistence on giving him a blowjob is bringing me to my knees ", "Come on down to Park &amp; Sons Tattoo Parlor, where the prices are steady, but the hands certainly are not! ", "A jihadist tried stand up comedy. He bombed. ", "Surgeons often have to have an open heart and an open mind. ", "I don\u2019t like to call it death, I prefer to call it the ultimate lie in ", "I used to be Jesus, but then somebody scared the bejesus out of me. ", "I have a fear of elevators, but I've started taking steps to avoid it. ", "Best career advice... Become a contortionist. They're flexible. ", "Been reading up on the Thesaurus lately because a mind is a terrible thing to garbage. ", "For Christmas last year, I got a sweater, but this year, I'd prefer a moaner or a squirter. ", "6:30 is the best time on a clock, hands down. ", "Sharpies sell so well because they are so mark-it-able. ", "My doctor told me my chronic diarrhea is inherited. Runs in the family. ", "I\u2019m so White, I don\u2019t see color. ", "Roses are red, bullets are lead, you better love me, or I'll shoot you in the head. [removed]", "Someone tell me what \"deceit\" is - I'm asking for (not) a friend. ", "I opened a joint account today... At the weed dispensary ", "I know tomorrows winning lottery numbers exist but that seeing of the future doesnt seem to help in knowing if a winning number with a 5 exists [deleted]", "I used to sneak out of the house to go to parties. Now I sneak out of parties, to go home. ", "Relationship update....Playing strip Solitaire . ", "Facebook forces you to be an optimist by taking away your dislike button, so I dislike them so much I use Reddit instead ", "\"My bad\" is the same as \"I'm sorry\" unless you're at a funeral. ", "Rene Descartes went into a bar and ordered a beer. When he finished the bartender asked \"Would you like another?\" Descartes replied \"I think not.\" And he disappeared! ", "Just had to sue my orthodontist. Luckily, I keep my lawyer on retainer. ", "When he was young, Aqua Man was known as Water Boy. ", "If you're drinking to forget, please pay in advance ", "The words Jumbo Shrimp makes about as much sense as the words Elite Yelper. ", "I'm open to smoking pot, but cocaine is where I draw the line. ", "Liners liners, that's two liners ", "IMHO, the \"H\" in \"IMHO\" is silent. ", "England has no kidney bank, but it does have a Liverpool. ", "My phone has a better health insurance than I do. \ud83d\udcf1 ", "Of all the terrorists, suicide bombers are the most invested. [deleted]", "Alerted boss I was out with a stomach bug, apologized for any incontinence it might cause the team in advance. ", "When the blackjack tables get busy, it's an all decks on hand situation. ", "\u202aWhen the aliens took over the company, they left us with no Human Resources.\u202c ", "In regards to the birth control debate, condoms are for fucking pussies &amp;#x200B;", "Blowjobs suck [deleted]", "Italians know how to espresso themselves. ", "I was writing out the alphabet but I had to stop when an alemenopede went onto my page. ", "I hate Russian dolls, they're so full of themselves. ", "When you try to make an impression, the chances are *that* is the impression you will make. [deleted]", "They all laughed when I told them that one day, I would discover the secret of invisibility, but if they could only see me now... ", "If dialing someone with your butt is called butt dialing, would dialing them facetime, be called butt facing? [deleted]", "I was offered a job at the broken mirror repository, but I couldn't really see myself working there. ", "Society is so progressive that even women can now beat their own wives ", "Googling ways to dispose of a body, mostly to freak out the asshole behind me on the bus who keeps staring at my laptop screen ", "She's such a slut that I bet she's been slapped by more balls than an NBA backboard. ", "I advertised a ghost tour for my city and then didn\u2019t show up. ", "If your brother marries a pregnant monkey then you would become a monkeys uncle-in-law when it's born ", "they kept thanking me so I said dont be so graditudeous ", "I\u2019m aspirin\u2019 to be a chemist. ", "I've grown to hate low ceilings. ", "I'm having a Brexit Christmas dinner, no Brussels! ", "You can blow bubbles, but you\u2019ll never blow me. ", "Is it a butt dial or a booty call? [deleted]", "To quit smoking, I only smoke after every meal. I am down to 40 meals a day. ", "People who rob jewelry stores and banks are pretty bad, but people who rob bakeries really take the cake. ", "Aaron Hernandez died doing what he loved: Killing someone ", "What do Hillbillies do for Halloween... Pump-kin. ", "This year International Women\u2019s day is only 23 hours because of Daylight Savings. I expect better in 2020. ", "When Paprika was born on Blue's Clues, her mother was told to push it... PUSH IT REAL GOOD! ", "If your mother were stuck in a gingerbread house, would you eat her out? ", "My dog ate my reading homework, now I have to look for context poos. ", "The Dalai Lama go to Vegas so often because he loves Tibet. ", "Went to my financial advisor the other day. Shits so bad he\u2019s like \u201cbuddy you need a time machine\u201d ", "The computer doesn't care how beautiful your code is, and only a finished project runs. ", "Amanda thought it'd be unsafe for me to walk home in my bikini, but I made it back all in one piece. ", "I just hired a private investigator to find out what I do all day. ", "Exaggerations went up by a million percent last year. ", "When you buy a bigger bed you have more bed room but less bedroom. ", "59/177 of people overcomplicate things. ", "Of the thousands of days I've lived, I have a 99.9% success rate at not being a psycho killer ", "If you\u2019re going to be two faced, at least make one of them pretty. ", "You could live a better life if you had a better mind and a better body. ", "I often think about the one that got away and wonder what would have happened if I had just splurged on the premium cage. ", "My boss asked me if I knew what plagarism was. I said Yep, copy that. ", "Paedophiles are fucking immature assholes. ", "I went past the lesbian synagogue, and it was full of orthodykes. ", "I would KILL to win the Nobel Peace Prize... ", "Bet you cant guess my favorite new wave band, said Tom adamantly. ", "A globe is forever young as we can't see it's edge ", "Cops pulled over a U-haul and busted a move. ", "When screenwriters get really old, they fade out. ", "Love is like a fart: If you have to force it it\u2019s probably shit. ", "Shouldn't the family planning section of drug stores be called family prevention? ", "Girls mature faster than guys because men don't usually develop breasts until their mid 40's. ", "When you have a stutter, nothing is easier said than done. ", "I always tell my kids to stay at school, but they keep coming back. ", "My friend's selling a load of broken yo-yos, no strings attached. ", "Vouching I'm not saying I've ever worked for Trump, but if you ask the guy, he'll swear he doesn't know me.", "Clones are people two. ", "Circus dogs fly through the air with the greatest of fleas. ", "To whoever stole my AC: you can keep it, I hear it\u2019s hot where you\u2019re going. ", "A boy sent a letter to Santa Claus, \"Please send me a sister.\" Santa wrote him a letter back that read \"Ok, send me your mother.\" ", "diet without tea is just die. ", "If I could have sex with anyone living or dead, I would pick living. ", "Never argue with a woman when she's tired ... or rested. ", "If you can ask your dad if you're a bastard you are ", "Ahh steak puns, that\u2019s a rare medium well done ", "theres 1 place if you die there they just leave you to rot, and thats when you go camping in your own coffin laying in your own grave ", "What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite. ", "I found a testicle from a computer generated character. It must be symbolic ", "Only 1 in 7 dwarfs are happy ", "I can\u2019t remember ever getting nits as a kid, although I do have a lousy memory. ", "I have a nagging, paranoid feeling that my dictaphone is close to full capacity, but maybe I\u2019m just reading too much into it. ", "I love giant squid jokes because they\u2019re always kraken me up. ", "Passionate kiss, like the spider web, leads to undoing of fly ", "I asked the barber to cut my hair like Tom Cruise, so he gave me a cushion to sit on. ", "To be Frank, I'd have to change my name. ", "Between 3.5 and 7 billion trees are cut down each year, or, roughly the same amount of paper needed to make three CVS receipts. ", "Some mornings, I wake up bitchy, other mornings, I let her sleep. ", "When my girlfriend told me she was pregnant, I asked her, \"Are you sure it's yours?\" ", "I just gave away all of my dead batteries free of charge. ", "I haven't slept for 10 days because that would be too long. ", "I saw a great Simple Minds tribute band last night called Thick as Pigshit. ", "Migration is unsettling. ", "It's hard not to dwell on a pronoun, if you stop and think about it. ", "The world hide and seek champion said it was his intention to get married next year, but his perfect woman would be hard to find. ", "The most common thing I wear is out my welcome. ", "If I had a clothing store it would be called Clothes Minded. ", "With tekashi69 potentially facing life in prison, we might finally see a mumblw rapper complete a sentence. ", "Don't tell anytwo, but I suck at math. ", "No Pornhub, I don't want to meet interesting sluts nearby....I'm at work. ", "Government and religion are both the belief that things shouldnt have to make sense to obey them ", "My mailman has fallen into a coma. Letters pray... ", "Rimjobs are terrible - they literally suck ass. ", "Working the poker table at the casino with my new prosthetic hand is going to be a challenge, but I'll learn to deal with it. ", "I entered a masturbating competition today, hope I can pull it off. This is a repost", "If you let me smell your food I'll pay you with the sound of my money. ", "My teacher asked me to submit a 1,000 word essay, but I couldn\u2019t be bothered, so I handed in a picture instead. ", "I was disappointed when the alt-right was taken off the Internet, but then I discovered that the alt-right was inside me all along ", "I started my period today, call it the blood of Christ. ", "Ask the taxi driver if he had room on the front seat for a 12 pack and a pizza. He said, 'Sure.' I said, BAARRRFF ", "Not for nothing, but I am opposed to nihilism. ", "I once witnessed a chronic masturbator set a world record for the longest wank session. I seriously couldn't believe that he pulled it off. ", "I used to be apprehensive about visiting Denver, but lately I'm feeling Boulder. ", "Dieting is making me into a loser. ", "It\u2019s going to be awkward if Mr. and Mrs. Burr ever lose their son Tim in a forest. ", "Myself and my wife tried wanking me off at the same time last night but we just couldn't pull it together. ", "Girls spend hours deciding what to wear and all guys do is try to picture them naked. ", "The difference between my wife and my job is that my job still sucks. ", "Our local 'maths themed' cafe is currently running a reduced service.... Take away only. ", "At any given time, if you stop and think about it for a second, you have an itch that needs scratching. ", "Yesterday I had a brief encounter with a lady in an underwear store. ", "Do you like Fishticks? Then I guess you must be a Gay Fish South park classic", "Unorthodox people are all the same. ", "I want to dress up as something really scary this year for Halloween....So, I am dressing up as a phone battery at 2%.\ud83c\udf83 ", "If I had a dollar for every gender, I'd have $2 and a bunch of counterfeits. ", "Aspiring pianists often pick up piano without any consideration for how heavy they are ", "To get new fertilizer I have to wait till the fucking cows come home to deal with this shit ", "Does every sentence have to contain a vegetable? Not necescelery. ", "Zika? Who doesn't like a little head? ", "An experienced carpenter really nails it, but a new guy screws everything up. ", "Spice up your panic attack with a kazoo ", "'Yesterday, I went to the zoo. There was only one dog there, it was a shitzu.' ", "Common English: A field; Scouser English: An field. ", "You can tell I'm not a doctor, because I have no patience. ", "My last girlfriend couldn't accept my obsession with horoscopes. In the end it Taurus apart. ", "Liar Liar, May your hind be on pyre. ", "We have a shortage of dwarves! ", "I never thought that I'd like eco friendly clothing made from fungi but... It's growing on me. ", "I was in the park wondering why frisbees appear bigger the closer they are. Then it hit me \n", "\"I dropped my toothpaste\" said John, crestfallen. ", "I didn't realize how big of a deal tipping people in America was until I saw the FBI asking for tips to catch criminals. [deleted]", "Say what you want about deaf people. ...", "In my eyes, there's nothing wrong with being a perfectionist, but they'd probably find something. [deleted]", "Tell your friend to say OPness. It means over powered ", "I watch porn all the time, seems unfair, so from now on, porn is watching me. [deleted]", "I tied all of my spaghetti together whilst I was drunk last night and ended up skipping dinner. ", "I lost my head while trying to find my feet. ", "If one door closes and another one opens, your house is probably haunted. ", "So... when you do so-so, you also reap so ", "Whatever you do in life, always give 100%...unless you're donating blood. ", "Erotic is using a feather, kinky is using the whole chicken. ", "Scientists have found a way to walk through walls..... It's called a door. ", "Crime in multi-storey car parks is wrong on so many different levels. ", "Technically, all glasses are 3D glasses ", "Going out to buy some batteries was a real power trip. ", "I was asked if I wanted to open a joint account... Which is an interesting marketing strategy for a weed dispensary. ", "A common thing between you and your peepee ......\n.....\n.......\n......\n.......\nYou're both nuts.", "Booty lies in the ass of beholder. ", "Some people are like plungers, always bringing up old shit. ", "I\u2019d not heard of the Baader-Meinhof phenomenon until recently, and now I\u2019m seeing references to it everywhere. ", "i recently did one of those nude calendars for charity... child line were livid ", "On Mars, there's roughly one vending machine for every person living there ", "She left me for a woman, so I decided to let bi-gones be bygones. ", "I typically avoid conversations with robots, they just drone on. ", "As a metalhead I like to sit around the Christmas tree listening to Slayer. One Horse Open Slayer.", "Why aren\u2019t there any first hand stores? ", "Every single morning I get hit by the same bike, man, it\u2019s a vicious cycle. ", "My horse has fallen and he can't giddy-up. ", "I can't stand being in a wheel chair. ", "Bobby pins is the perfect name for a wrestler. ", "Chuck Norris times zero equals Chuck Norris. ", "The local pet shop has been robbed and police say they have no leads. ", "A doctor lost his arm in an accident and it was humerus. ", "Statistically 6 out of 7 dwarves aren't Happy. ", "After the new veterinarian accidentally killed all of Barnum and Bailey's circus animals, no one knew what to do about the elephant in the room. ", "I've struggled with direct objects ever since the whom. ", "Acupuncturists are a bunch of backstabbers. ", "A dyslexic man walks into a bra [deleted]", "Doing standup comedy in Germany is predominantly Krautwork. ", "I never saw the appeal of having sex with strippers, but then I had an Epiphany. ", "Beekeepers mine their own beeswax. ", "Do you know what apple calls their new sprinkler system? iDew. [deleted]", "I lost my job as a stage designer and I left without making a scene. ", "Never surrender to onions. ", "Corn always finds a way to slide into my BMs. ", "I eschew fancy words. ", "I stole this joke, but I don't know why, it's not very good. ", "If you cut off your left arm, then your right arm will be left. ", "I just started rewatching the Last Dance because I\u2019m back on that bullshit. ", "last day if i have one day to live , i will start doing planks", "It only takes one football match to light up a stadium. ", "being single being single is awesome until you start missing sex.", "The road to hell is paved with good intentions and so is the road to heaven so theres a road between heaven and hell ", "To error is feminine, that's why it's called a mistake not a mrtake. ", "My 9 year old My 9 year old was having trouble understanding Roman numerals so I Xplained them", "I like to put all my eggs in one basket and count my chickens before they hatch. ", "Sign language interpreters would make good magicians. ", "Frankenstein is more famous than all the other monsters put together. ", "Does working for UPS make you a professional boxer? ", "Louis C.K.'s dating strategy is to feel a little cocky. ", "Orphans aren't very good at baseball, because they never seem to know where home is. ", "Two sausages in a frying pan; one says, \"Blimey, it's hot in here,\" and the other replies, \"ARGH! A TALKING SAUSAGE!!\" ", "People who exaggerate are literally worse than Hitler. ", "I found a book about doing cool things in the kitchen. It's called 'Kama Sutra'. ", "Cubism paintings are really easy to do if you use graph paper. [deleted]", "Bartender says, a Corona and 2 hurricanes, that'll be $20.20 ", "My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are- but I laugh more ", "For work, I am preparing a five hour speech on the counter productive cost of time wasting. ", "Birth Control? Yeah - I just use my face. ", "A life in politics is full of parties ", "Fruit truck spills over, create's traffic jam ", "If cats had wings, they would still just lay there. ", "My girlfriend told me to go out and get something that would make her look sexy, so I got drunk! ", "I asked for each line item to be spilled out clearly, they handed me a list of carefully defined stains. ", "My grandfather had alzheimers and one day we were ", "I just dug a splinter out of my finger with a toothpick. The splinter must have been thinking \"Traitor!\"", "In the desert I didn't see that well, so I died of thirst. ", "There was a mix of Asian, Black, Hispanic, and Indian guys in the gym showers today. I guess you could call it an ethnic cleansing. ", "I used to be a gravedigger, until I discovered it was easier to just use a spade. ", "Is a plot of land used to grow Romaine lettuce a Caesarian Section? ", "I haven\u2019t felt myself ever since I took a break from masturbating. ", "I hate it when people use large words just to sound intelligent...It's absolutely superfluous. ", "A midget panhandler held out a cup... Can you help me out, I'm a little short. ", "It's important to remind cities that have been decimated by earthquakes that it's not their fault. ", "Female pilots have the best cockpits. ", "Do marijuana dispensaries get chaotic during Black Friday? ", "I find it a little strange that non-hyphenated is hyphenated, but hyphenated is not. [deleted]", "Venison for dinner again? Oh deer! ", "If you rearrange the letters of \u201cpostmen\u201d, they get really pissed off. ", "I hate it when people get simple sayings wrong. I mean it's not rocket surgery. ", "Your #mcm goes down on his girl all night and then goes to work in the morning without washing his face ", "When I got dressed this morning, armies came out of my sleevies. ", "I bought one size fits all underwear, it only fit 3 people! [deleted]", "My math teacher was late, because he took the rhombus. ", "In a surprising upset, England took gold in the women's skeleton, edging out the USA favorite from Biggest Loser, Rachel Frederickson. Imgur: https://i.imgur.com/wGvCGfk.png", "The Chinese might have the smallest dick in the world But they still managed to fuck us all", "Of quartz I love geology! ", "Die in debt, lots of debt, it\u2019s the only way you get to take your money with you. ", "He played the drums until he got it right but he never could realised how his hardwork would make neighbours call the police ", "Some people say I\u2019m too agreeable and I think they\u2019re right. ", "I broke up with my gym; we were just not working out. ", "There really aren't enough emojis... we need mo' 'ji. ", "When a midget smokes weed, does he get high or medium,? ", "Whoever stole my antidepressants, I hope you're happy. ", "Five out of four people don\u2019t understand how fractions work. [deleted]", "If she can walk to the kitchen after sex, you don't deserve a fucking sandwich. ", "Theres many bathroom scenes in Star Trek but they look like any other scene cuz its done by transporter while they work ", "\"I went to do a gig at a superhero event but unfortunately there was already a comicon\" ", "It takes balls to be a transvestite. Swooped off the tv. \n\nLEEEEEEROY JENKINS. \n\np. s. Sorry for yelling.", "5/4 of people admit that they\u2019re bad with fractions. ", "I\u2019m a comedian with irritable bowel syndrome\u2026 It\u2019s shits and giggles ", "What do you call a man? [removed]", "Acupuncture: a jab well done ", "I have been doing lines of Pepsi ", "Parties are like frisbees, if you throw them the wrong way they'll veer off in a bad direction, and then your kid will fall into a quarry. Source: 30 Rock", "Scooby-Doo [deleted]", "Smaller babies may be delivered by stork, but the heavier ones need a crane. ", "A will is a dead giveaway A will is a dead giveaway", "What do you call a psychic midget who has escaped from prison? A small medium at large! ", "My girlfriend reminds me a lot of her boobs: fake. ", "I tripped over my girlfriends bra, seemed to be a booby trap ", "I'm not racist because racism is a crime and crime is for black people ", "The ultimate curse is when all your Facebook messages are game invites. ", "I will take 'Same Stuff / Different Day' category for $200.00, Alex ", "How does a blind man know when to stop wiping his butt ? ", "Dear librarian, have you any books on how to stop sounding pompous? ", "If life gives you melons you might be dyslexic ", "\"I see,\" said the blind carpenter as he picked up his hammer and saw. ", "Kurt Cobain Was staring at himself in the mirror holding a gun, questioning life. The answer blew his mind ", "She criticised my apartment, so I knocked her flat. ", "Have you seen the movie \"Constipation\"? Well, it hasn't come out, yet. ", "Just ask Tommy... Hilfiger it out. ", "We'll, we'll, we'll...if it isn't autocorrect. ", "These damn millennials, walking around like they rent the place. ", "Does it still count as necrophilia if you're dead inside? ", "The best thing about surprise Hitler puns is that you do Nazi them coming. [deleted]", "Messy apartment buildings are a complex issue. ", "A man with a severe ejaculation problem comes out of nowhere ", "Forcing Latinos to speak English in place of their native Latin is just plain wrong. ", "Andy Dufresne should have called his library Prose and Cons ", "Did you know vampires are not real? Unless you Count Dracula ", "Sometimes, instead of saying \"for example\", I'll say something such as \"such as\" for example. ", "People say I have no empathy, but I really don't care what they think. ", "I put a piece of Potassium in my girlfriend's water cup to prank her , I am afraid of the reaction ", "I'd like morning a lot more if it came later in the day. ", "Why didn't BARCA didn't have breakfast today? Answer: They 8 2 much last night. T__T ", "It's rare to hear a well done steak joke these days ", "I smell a bad oneliner coming - who nose what it'll be. ", "It all. The title says it all.", "I work at a factory that makes plastic statues of Dracula. There are only two of us on the line so I have to make every second count. ", "A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing. ", "Cocaine isn't all it's cracked up to be. ", "Flag industry in Iran is on FIRE! ", "I hate it when people say I'm lollygagging when I'm clearly dilly-dallying ", "My uncle Jack got stuck on a horse. I had to help my uncle Jack off. ", "If you copy from one author, it\u2019s plagiarism. If you copy from two, it\u2019s research ", "My girlfriend is like the square root of -100. A solid 10 but also imaginary... ", "Testosterone and estrogen are genderfluid ", "You remind me of my Lava Lamp; you're not to bright but you're fun to watch. [deleted]", "People are often shocked when they realize how bad of an electrician I am. ", "Lopsided birds tend to be more left-wing. ", "Someone just stole my sunglasses right in front of my very eyes. ", "It's easy to extinguish who knows what words to use and who doesn't. ", "Fountain of Youth jokes never get old. ", "We might all be dead if it werent for homocide sounding gay ", "I\u2019ve never caught a sea mammal. My life is without porpoise [deleted]", "My dad told me to stop using self deprecating humor, I told him I'm nothing without it. ", "When one door closes and another one opens, you are probably in prison ", "Gas prices do not affect me as I just put in $20 every time. [deleted]", "I bought some powdered water, but I don't know what to add to it. ", "Some people claim that eating pineapple makes semen taste sweeter, but I find that rather hard to swallow. ", "Some people want to have sex on an airplane as to join the Mile High Club; personally I couldn\u2019t give a flying fuck. ", "Last night, I gave my wife an orgasm, and she spat it back in my face. ", "Orphans are unrelatable. ", "This morning I made my hamster an extra strong espresso coffee and crushed some caffeine pills up in his food because I'd hate for him to fall asleep at the wheel. ", "My shoulders are so close to my elbows that they\u2019re thinking about opening joint accounts. ", "\"Bringing home the bacon\" is something a muslim man would never do. ", "Good pays off later. Evil pays off now. ", "Saw a Frog waiting for the Bus after his Car got toad. ", "During the war my granddad broke the enigma code machine [removed]", "I hate it when people randomly add numbers to their jokes \ud83d\udcaf ", "Next time someone offers me pineapple juice, cranberry juice, orange juice and apple juice in the same glass is gunna get a punch ", "A quarter of my roof blew away last night. Oof. ", "I called my dog \"Hope\" because it will be gone after 12 years. ", "If you only have sex with prostitutes you should be considered buysexual. ", "People often say that my life must be tough living with erectile dysfunction, but honestly, it's not so hard. ", "Carpe Diem is Latin for YOLO! ", "Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards.....creates, backwards sentences saying how crazy it is. ", "I think that verification codes are HI2Bx [deleted]", "It would be hard to replace any of the characters in Love Actually, I can't de-nighy ", "You never know when God's gonna take away your hair. ", "Ireland is a rich country because its capital is always Dublin. [deleted]", "those who live beyond their means should act their wage ", "Mexican word of the day... Budweiser. She has a great body, Budweiser face so ugly?", "My wife's a mortician, from the moment we met, I knew I had to cadaver. ", "Is it possible to mistake schizophrenia for telepathy? I hear you ask. ", "I just got this huge painting of Trent Reznor, but the only way it would stay up was to use nine inch nails. ", "I thought about teaching a class on self-sabotage but I\u2019d probably just mess it up. ", "Ever since I discovered my vault fetish, I've been practicing safe sex. ", "Did you ever notice that from the time you hang up the phone until the pizza guy shows up, the only conversation you have is \u201cWhere\u2019s the guy with our pizza?\u201d [removed]", "I've got a filthy habit - I dress up as a nun and go mud wrestling. ", "When my brother was born the Doctor turned him over and said, \"Hey look, Twins!!!\" ", "No one knew my grandma had a dental implant until it came out in a conversation. ", "You can't tell oneliners to kleptomaniacs, because they take things literally. ", "I heard Einstein got along well with his parents ... relatively speaking. ", "To the guy who stole my antidepressants, \"HOPE YOU'RE HAPPY NOW?\" ", "I turned my microwave into a fire oven, and all I used was one small piece of metal. [deleted]", "The only thing worse than getting a question wrong, is getting the question so wrong that the teacher writes, \"Please see me after class\" on the paper ", "One-armed butlers: they can take it, but they can't dish it out ", "My time machine only operated in 500 year increments, but it was pretty useless because when I got there I couldn't understand English. ", "The other day, I was trying to make a noise with two of my fingers and my thumb, and no matter how much I practiced, nothing seemed to work...then it clicked. ", "The new corduroy pillow is really making headlines ", "I steal most of my onliners from the internet. ", "If you're ever trapped under the snow, try not to panic... just sit there and chill. ", "I don\u2019t know what shams are, but I think it\u2019s weird that we put their poo in our hair. ", "My jokes are getting pretty dry, does anyone have a little slapstick? ", "I got fired as a hitman; I don\u2019t know why everyone I was told to take out said they had a lovely evening and were willing to go on a second date. ", "A dog may well be a man's best friend, but a cat will never tell the police where your marijuana is. ", "I tried to reimburse my neighbor for running over his chicken, but he said his chickens are not that flat. ", "You call it arson, I call it free lance cremation. ", "Scientists say the universe is made up of protons, neutrons and electrons, but they forgot to mention morons. ", "The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. ", "I walked into a door today, loved it. ", "One day i will be a scientist and invent an antiseptic that kills those remaining 0.01% germs. ", "It's been a while, Tom said, disturbed. ", "I gave my wife a dildo for her birthday. I don\u2019t think it was her favourite gift... ...but it\u2019s definitely up there. ", "Spiderman..... Just another guy who ends up sticky hands, after using the web.\ud83d\udd78 ", "Last night I dreamt I had discovered the only word in the English language that ends with \"mt\". ", "I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger, and then it hit me. ", "I told my doctor that I broke my arm in two places. He told me to stop going to those places. ", "Im not Indian, but my parents had a deranged marriage. [deleted]", "I put root beer in a square glass and all I got was beer. ", "I have no words to describe how I felt when I found out that the thesaurus I bought was full of only blank pages ", "An engineering student learned about vacuums in class. It sucked. ", "I've said it before and I'll say it again, because 'it' is a pretty common word in our language ", "Shouldn't life insurance really be called death insurance? ", "I was hoping that the low-budget rip off of Wonder Woman was going to be really good, but it ended up just being a woman staring distractedly out a window for two hours. ", "Stevie Wonder completely ignored me, so I guess you could say that he turned a blind eye. ", "What doesnt kill the taxpayer makes the government stronger ", "I must be emotionally constipated because I haven't given a shit in days. ", "It is so cold outside I saw a politician with his hands in his own pockets. ", "I know I should just get over it, but my fears about cannibals are eating me alive and making my blood boil. ", "Lord nelson was about 5ft 6 however, his statue is 17ft which is Horatio of about 3:1. ", "2/1 of all people are bad at fractions ", "I'm sweet like a box of chocolates, so eat me! ", "Hermaphrodites can go fuck themselves. ", "If I were a cat that stumbled across a genie that granted me one wish, I\u2019d wish for a second head so I could get pet twice as much. ", "If talking about my bulimia makes you uncomfortable, then I\u2019m sorry I brought it up. ", "A guy getting no cellphone signal at all walks into a bar... ", "Don't take life too seriously, you won't get out alive. ", "i'd tell you a joke about my light bulb.. But its kinda screwed up.. and i dont think it'd be that bright an idea", "used to be addicted to not showering, I'm proud to say I've been clean for 2 years. ", "If a Simp had a son it would be a Simpson ", "EVERY morning I get hit by the same bicycle. It's a vicious cycle ", "My wife says I'm completely blind to her needs but I just don't see it. ", "Thank God I'm an atheist ", "Drunk me would really appreciate a light switch on the floor. ", "I've just fallen through the roof of a French bakery. I'm in a world of pain. \ud83e\udd50\ud83e\udd56 ", "My wife was complaining about my clothes being on the floor, so I told her that it's a dead Jedi. ", "My girlfriend admitted I was not the only one, but she rarely goes below a seven. ", "Sweatsocks are just turtlenecks for your feet. ", "I have a theory that conspiracy theorists aren\u2019t real. ", "I lost my job as a stage manager, I left without making a scene. ", "I said to my friend, \"Let's take turns naming American vice-presidents, Al Gore first.\" ", "Some people are Alpha dogs, I'm more of a Betta fish. ", "I'm not sure why people are so obsessed about food in beards; it's disgusting. [deleted]", "Every homophone joke sounds the same to me. ", "I often say to myself, \"I can't believe the cloning machine worked!\" ", "When a potter loses their job are they fired? ", "Keep your saddle oiled and your gun greased. ", "A man went to a doctor and told him he had 3 horses up his butt. The doctor confirmed he's in a stable condition ", "Going to the store is the only time I get checked out. ", "If you think you have OCD, think again. ", "As a 5'9 guy, I really look up to NBA players. ", "Those who get too big for their pants will be totally exposed in the end ", "\"Hop in!\" I said to the one-legged hitch-hiker. ", "A troll is a terrorist of words [deleted]", "Where there\u2019s a will, there\u2019s a wake. ", "Vegan jizz.... I think you mean Cummus. ", "I saw a sign that said Falling Rocks so I tried and it didn't. ", "Since groom wore unlaced sneakers to the wedding, they weren't able to tie the knot. [deleted]", "I am a narcissist and a pessimist, which means I am certain that I will succeed in life, but by such a small margin that it will be meaningless in the end. ", "I used to date a girl with a squint but she said she couldn't see me anymore. ", "They say you can\u2019t beat a dead horse, but I say if you can dream it you can do it. ", "If feet could talk, they\u2019d tell you how they understand. ", "They wasted it by calling it Krav Maga instead of Jewjitsu ", "Nissan used to make a crossover called the \"Juke\", but now I guess it's gone Rogue. ", "Jesus is the only man I get on my knees for ", "You know the cure for corona virus? Lyme disease. ", "Auto-erotic asphyxiation is so good it takes your breath away. ", "What did one bitcoin say to the other? Mine your own business!", "I was afraid to draw a picture of a horn because I didn't want to blow it. ", "What does a Russian use to wipe his mouth? A soviet. ", "I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already. ", "My best friend is Richard Hurts but we just call him Dick. ", "They should have never legalized same sex masturbation ", "Man with authority walks into the bar and orders everyone a round. ", "I can\u2019t believe some countries have started their celebrations already. Don\u2019t they know New Years doesn\u2019t begin till midnight? ", "Shit happens so buy a bigger toilet ", "Turn a regular sofa into a sofa bed by simply forgetting your wife\u2019s birthday. ", "Just got pulled over for driving in the carpool lane, this cops gonna look like an \ud835\ude10\ud835\ude25\ud835\ude2a\ud835\ude30\ud835\ude35 when I open the trunk. ", "Hey just remember, your mood never means doom, unless it\u2019s spelled backwards ", "I was very naive sexually. My first boyfriend asked me to do missionary and I buggered off to Africa for six months. ", "Mechanical Engineers build weapons, Civil Engineers build targets. ", "TL;DR I ripped the book in half to make a long story short. ", "The ships on the Cruise Line will be called \u201cI Want The Truth!\u201d \u201cShow Me The Money!\u201d and \u201cI Feel The Need...The Need For Speed!\u201d ", "Two fish are in a tank when one asks, \"How do we drive this thing?\" ", "I'd break my neck to prove I'm not masochistic. ", "Santa's sack is so large because he only comes once a year ", "What do you call a black archeologist? [deleted]", "Last night I was having sex with my girlfriend and she told me not to cum on her face but I blew it. ", "Shoutout to video games for letting boys express their anime fetishes with slightly less shame. ", "A pessimist's blood type is always B-negative ", "Dumb Alex way more funner than smart Alex ", "If I had to describe myself in 500 words, I'd probably say \"self-centered\"a few times. ", "You know you waited too long when laundry day becomes a formal event. ", "My car battery's flat but I reckon I could get too start at a push ", "I'm going to live forever, or die trying! ", "I have mirrors all over my house. Sometimes I just need to reflect. ", "\u201cJust because you can\u2019t dance doesn\u2019t mean you shouldn\u2019t dance.\u201d -Alcohol ", "Despite the flat geography of The Netherlands, Amsterdam is the highest capital city in Europe. ", "Accidents crappen ", "Prepare to be underwhelmed. ", "Original Sin requires god to think all blacks are sinners ", "If a goat was in fact a goat it will still be called a goat ", "My psychiatrist said I was pre-occupied with the vengeance I told him \"oh yeah we'll see about that!\" ", "I tried playing pool with a shark but I think I did it wrong, cause now the Rec Center AND American Humane Society are pissed. ", "Shouldn't a condom be called a stopcock? ", "My mate asked me to lock up his boat, but I couldn't find the quay. ", "Women are like swimming pools. Very high maintenance costs compared to the little time you'll actually spend in it. ", "I hope, there's going to be a full moon during the solar eclipse ", "Do you think mosquitoes compete with each other for who can make this human slap himself more times without dying? ", "Can you help me with a one liner about Great Danes? ", "Buying 29 eggs instead of 30 is...odd [deleted]", "For once in my life, I'd like to get up in the morning and be as excited about it as my penis ", "I clean my ass with Colgate because it gives me a ring of confidence. ", "Dual meaning It's hard to tell good banjo joke\nIt's all in the deliverance", "If you abandon a box of puppies somewhere, it is technically considered littering. ", "i saw this guy with license plates that said \"sonofgod\". and i was like, jesus christ. ", "Why women don't refer to a heavy period as ellipses I'll never know. ", "when you start rubbing your eye and you hit the G spot. ", "Need I say more [removed]", "Dud you know taller people slept longer ? ", "If a pianist plays with the piano with pens, would be be a penist? ", "how much can you eat? Even though everyone talks about dieting people keep eating all the time.", "When it comes to studying boxing, I\u2019m hitting the books. ", "A group of cocks make up a caucus. ", "i only type in lowercase because i hate capitalism. ", "A woman walked into a bar and ordered a double entendre, so the bartender gave it to her. ", "Why don't sprinklers use sprinkles? [deleted]", "It\u2019s hard to explain things to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally. ", "I offered to give up my seat to a lady, but apparently chivalry is not appreciated in ladies restrooms. Who knew? ", "I love you mower today than yesterday, but not as mulch as tomorrow. ", "The only situation where your expectation will not turn into disappointment, is when you expect to be disappointed. ", "Netflix and chill is when the movie you're not watching ends and there isn't a dry thigh left in the house. ", "I was trying not to wake anyone up the other night, so I put some French pancakes on my feet and crep\u00e9d up the stairs. ", "Is it OK to date both of my hands at the same time? [deleted]", "Anyone who likes Minecraft must be a blockhead. ", "What's the deal with negotiations? ", "Being lead singer of Van Halen means there's a 50% chance you're Sammy Hagar. ", "Some men view marriage as a matter of wife and debt. ", "The study of ancient symbols will lead you to rune. ", "I have a great joke about superheroes, but I'd hate to diss guys in disguise ", "Where's my road map training course? ", "When you get a transfusion in a Taiwanese hospital, you receive Taipei blood. ", "[NSFW] What does a drummer and a compulsive masturbator have in common? They don't miss a beat!", "Coffee\u2019s good, but it\u2019s not my cup of tea. ", "If you feel sick and hungover after drinking beers, isn\u2019t that technically a yeast infection ", "Rappers get to retire on diss ability. ", "I'm in a band called Duvet. [deleted]", "I entered a palindrome contest today and I got top spot. ", "There was a robbery at the Hotel recently,The Robber took out a Gun,The Security Guard took out His Phone,and the Hotel took out trivago. ", "my brother called me from prison and said \u201chey you know how we finish each other\u2019s sentences?\u201d ", "Ape steak tastes orangutangy ", "When I was younger, I felt like a man trapped inside a woman\u2019s body and then, I was born. ", "when you try to tell someone a joke but you punch up the fuckline. ", "If a french person randomly asks you if you have the will to live, they probably just want some olive oil. ", "Watermelon is pretty good, I prefer vodkamelon though ", "Whenever I have a weak fart that sounds like fabreeze I think it should smell like it too. ", "I hate how lazy I am. I would change myself, but that\u2019s a lot of work. ", "When a chunk of cheese is having its picture taken does the photographer say \"human\"? ", "As a baby I was too large for the stork and had to be delivered by a crane. ", "A man told me he had invented a bath to bathe pigs, I think he's talking hogwash! ", "A frog robbed a bank...it was the first time it Kermited a crime. ", "If you ever miss 4:20 just wait until 4:22, because 4:22 is 4:20 too. ", "Geology rocks! ", "I used to work at a fire hydrant factory and I gotta tell ya, the benefits were good, but the parking was terrible. ", "I want to hear low-flying airplane noises...NEOW!!!! [deleted]", "A bachelor\u2019s life is no life for a single man. ", "what happens when you spell dyslexia gangnam style? sexilady! ", "I can't seem to make up my mind, so I'm not sure if that's a problem ", "My dad used to say: 'always fight fire with fire'... its probably why he was thrown out of the fire brigade ", "The only positive thing today was my Corona-test [deleted]", "Woman who wear expensive perfume don't have common scents. ", "We hired Stiffy the Clown for my Grandma because he puts the 'fun' back in Funeral... ", "Research has shown that performing Hands-Only CPR greatly increases a person's chances of survival than doing nothing at all and walking away. ", "When asked to sign a document a doctor pulled a rectal thermometer out of his pocket, \"damn it!\" ", "The truth hurts, not as much as jumping on a bicycle with the seat missing, but it does hurt!!! ", "I came across a broken escalator today. All I could do was stair. ", "Artificial Intelligence is no match for Common Stupidity ", "I was disappointed with the size of the portraits in the gallery. But then I saw the bigger picture. ", "Who decided to call it \"Social Distancing\" when it could have been called \"Covoidance\"? ", "pollution has reduced so much that i can now see my nonexistent gf as well ", "Every statement is true, false, or word-salad ", "Smack talk? Man I'm pretty sure you just nod off. ", "I auditioned for Aquaman, but they turned me down on account of my broken flipper. ", "Here are the dos and don'ts of ridiculous regulations... ", "I asked the lunch lady for a salt on the side and all I got was a black eye. ", "If the Pillsbury Doughboy overdosed on pain killers and died, the headline would read \"Pills Bury Dough-Boy\" ", "I don't like hot soup, yeah you can cool it by blowing on it, but I'm just not a fan. ", "If Crime doesn't pay...Does that mean my job is a crime? ", "I wouldn\u2019t kill myself if my life depended on it. ", "A politician is someone who will double cross that bridge when they come to it. ", "Marriage: it has a nice ring to it. ", "A rose by any other name just confuses people ", "I'm looking for a vitamin to supplement my income. Jay London", "Despite having no hair, my dad has taken many risks and in return has made millions; I guess fortune favours the bald. [deleted]", "Lecturer: \"have any of you heard of pavlov's dogs?\" Student \"...It rings a bell.\" ", "Egghead.... That's what Mrs Dumpty gives to Humpty. ", "The city pound keeps a cat-a-logue of strays. ", "The word abbreviation sure is long for what it means ", "The word, \u201cdiputseromneve\u201d may look ridiculous, but backwards, it\u2019s even more stupid. ", "The poet, poorly spoke... The audience, disgruntled... With rot did bombard ", "A couple of winged insects ended up inside a human, and they got on like two bees in a bod. ", "I tried to be an actor, but I was living a lie. ", "I don't usually tell my dad jokes, but when I do he laughs. ", "That hospital was so cheap their IVs used high fructose corn syrup. ", "My girlfriend likes dildos in more ways than one. ", "I pat myself on the back when I am on the nose about some things, like putting my glasses. [deleted]", "The new horror movie must be amazing, 'cause every time I pull out into the road someone is yelling, \"Watch It!\" ", "To make sure I wasn't Russian around last minute for my eastern European holiday, I decided to go onto Romania.com to Bucharest ", "Spare a thought for the other birds that lived inside clocks before the cuckoos started laying their eggs in there. ", "Dogs can't operate an MRI, but catscan. ", "I used to be scared of pretty girls and then I realized they were just as scared of me. ", "Why do the speedbumps scream when i pick my kid up from school? ", "Dolly Parton is 73, and I would smash harder than she first smashed the ballot when she was finally allowed to vote ", "I could tell the gift was from Iggy Azalea, because of the bad wrapping ", "Don't you hate cliffhangers ", "Reading Braille is just connecting the dots ", "I can't wait to see my wife's face light up when she opens the fridge I got her for Christmas. ", "There's no 'u' in 'corporation'. ", "do you know hallmark have had to bring out a card in (austria), that says \"congratulations on escaping from your underground sex hell\" ", "My job circumcising elephants doesn\u2019t pay much, but the tips are huge. ", "I quit my job working for Nike. Just couldn\u2019t do it anymore. ", "Is it a bad sign if my biggest masturbation fantasy is having friends and being content? ", "the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and having firmer muscles in just 4 weeks ", "Never buy fake noodles, they're an impasta. ", "I saw Jesus at Crossfit the other day. He was holding his own. ", "The worst thing about being an Uber driver is all the people talking behind your back. ", "I was at a tiny beach and a microwave washed ashore. ", "Love is like a fart. If you have to force it it\u2019s probably shit. ", "You think you could convict me of a crime? Just try me. ", "Harry Charound walks into a bar and asks, \"Is Jack Reacher round? I heard he was looking for Harry Charound.\" ", "Having unprotected sex on the top of a hill may result in upland children. ", "I went mental when they told me I was fit enough to leave the psychiatric ward. ", "\"My door is always open\" and \"Trespassers will be blessed\" are synonymous. ", "People were probably hung, drawn and quartered because it was easier to get change for a quarter. ", "My life as a car interior thief has taken a backseat. ", "It seems 2020 is directed by ROBERT B. WEIDE ", "Is a small dog that acts more like a cat a purrjurer? [removed]", "Every morning I wake up at the crack of Dawn, I really wish she would wear clothes. ", "What did one tampon say to the other tampon? Nothing. They're both stuck up cunts.", "If I had a pet newt I would name it Tiny, because it would be my newt. ", "I used to have a fear of hurdles, but I got over it. ", "Suicide jokes make me want to kill myself. ", "I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you. ", "Just checked my bank account, looks like the kids are getting a hug for Xmas. ", "The only time I like the sound of a doorbell, is when I ordered pizza ", "Think of life like counting numbers; stop at nothing to avoid negativity. ", "Marathon organizers are really giving us a run for our money ", "Fish celebrate Christmas by hanging reefs on the door. ", "I did nothing wrong, and I promise never to do it again. ", "I'd never name my son after me because I do not believe that all men are created sequels No idea what goes here", "It\u2019s nice to be important but it\u2019s more important to be nice. ", "I called a guy an Indian giver, but he didn\u2019t like it, so I had to take it back. ", "Is it tomato or tomato,  how about potato or potato?", "It isn't sexist to discriminate against transgenders. ", "Jeffrey Dahmer thought Five Guys was delicious. ", "I've got my own private jet right here in the jacuzzi. ", "I'm so pleased that my gerbils have a big house, I mean, i made it for them but i really feel like THEY'VE made it! ", "My water inlet is a child and my baby is a water inlet! [deleted]", "My one friend is republican we cant agree on anything but hes all right. ", "Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving. ", "How do you make one dissappear? Add a 'g' and it'll be gone", "I've just phoned the Incontinence HelpLine, I was put on hold for 20 minutes..... ", "If anyone has any advice on how to deal with plastic surgery gone wrong, I'm all ears ", "If heaven is perfect then abandon all hope of your life ever improving after you get there ", "Every mirror is a rear-view mirror if you're a narcissist with a nice butt. ", "The dismissive sea captain was sailing at quite the rate of nots. ", "I tried to remember the name of that new movie with Pennywise the clown, but It escaped me. [removed]", "People who say actors are pretentious are missing the plot. ", "Soccer balls are pointless. ", "I thought it was a booger But it snot.", "A people pleaser died, people weren't sure whether they should be pleased about it or not ", "Water makes me wet. ", "You're American When You Go in The bathroom And You're American When you Come out but You know What Are You When You're In there ? ''Yourpeeing'' [deleted]", "I would like to thank my middle finger for always sticking up for me when I needed it. ", "When you\u2019re in California, make sure your mechanic uses a state flag to check your oil, then you\u2019ll get a \u201cSuper Cali-Flagger Dipstick Expert Diagnosis.\u201d ", "22 Lanthanum atoms walk out of the forest, followed by a group of Smurfs. ", "Tinnitus sounds dirty to me ", "Bungee jumping has its ups and downs. ", "The blind have a bumpy road ahead of them ", "My assignment in baking class this week was a piece of cake. ", "I didn't know whether to buy a toy or a pet so I bought a rattlesnake. ", "Adam and Eve were the first people not to have read Apples terms and conditions.\ud83c\udf4e ", "Biggie Smalls was an oxymoron. [deleted]", "I've been trying to exercise and eat healthier, Asian inspired meals... So I started chasing after the neighborhood cats. ", "I eat a raw egg every day and then I go throw up. ", "God made Adam first because he didn't need any advice. ", "I carved my wife's name on a tree today, to remember where the fuck I buried her. ", "My friend burnt himself on a roast beef sandwich, so I asked him,\"Au jus alright?\" ", "I'm usually cool as a cucumber, but I can get a bit salty when I find myself in a pickle. &amp;#x200B;", "I\u2019ve said this before and I\u2019ll say it again: I hate redundancy. ", "grant your love to everyone so they can take it for granted ", "I thought my mom was priceless... But the antiques roadshow told me otherwise. ", "Communism jokes aren\u2019t funny unless everyone gets them. ", "Kilt is what happened to the last person who called it a skirt. ", "If you're against terrorism then you're against terrifying haunted houses ", "Get a new car for your spouse - it'll be a great trade! ", "I wonder if the Arachnophobia Helpline has a web site? ", "I read a lot of books as a kid, but my favorite was Old Yeller. Couldn't put it down! ", "Theres nothing gay about a man sexing a man if both men are yourself, or is there? ", "I always say \"earth\" to people, because it means the world to them. ", "An Irish man walks out of a bar. ", "If dialing someone with your butt is called butt dialing, would butt dialing them facetime be called butt facing? ", "Exercise makes you look better naked but so does Alcohol...your choice! ", "I own a solar powered food maker that I call \"an apple tree.\" ", "I've never actually been skydiving but I have zoomed in on Google Earth really really fast. ", "A grocers has no right to complain about sampling grapes when they keep putting seeded in the unseeded bags/section. ", "You want your wedding to go well, but not without a hitch. ", "The water balloons were a hit; especially after we forgot about them in the freezer. ", "People keep on making apocalypse jokes like there\u2019s no tomorrow. ", "I love whiteboards, they're remarkable! ", "Do homeless people get 'Knock Knock' jokes ? ", "The bar is ten minutes from my house, however, my house is two hours from the bar. ", "If your job is to buy and sell URL's, you can probably call yourself a domain expert ", "Be kind to math teachers, they have enough problems. ", "Never trust a skinny cook. ", "My ex used to hit me with stringed instruments -- if only I'd known about her history of violins... ", "do dad jokes become daddy jokes in the bedroom? ", "First time I posted this again ", "In the beginning, God invented prepositions. [deleted]", "At the grocery store, I've warmed up to the idea of being in the freezer section. ", "I met a nice girl today, she had a deep throaty, genuine laugh, like that sound a dog makes just before it throws up. ", "If I were a cow, I'd move to India. ", "My wife said if I took one more picture of her, she'd leave me...that's when I snapped. ", "An old person with really good hearing is deaf defying. ", "I loved sliding until I hit rock bottom ", "camping is for all in tents and purposes outside ", "When I was given the shadow-boxing trophy, I beat the air. ", "There are 10 binary digits. I think this is better: \"there are 10 kinds of people - those who can count in binary.\"", "When I asked the doctor how my son was doing after swallowing a few coins, he replied, \"No change yet.\" ", "The amount of feet in a yard depends on how many people are standing on it. ", "What do kleptomaniacs take when they are sick? ", "I failed the baker when they kneaded me most. ", "100 kiloPascals go into a Bar. ", "The best cure for sea sickness is to sit under a tree. ", "Just in case If it seems to good to be true, sabotoge it just in case!", "I can\u2019t breathe ", "3 cameras, 7 diapers, lets make a porno ", "Why is no one ever the right amount of whelmed? ", "Ebola's not a problem anymore, don't sweat it. ", "Not sure if your Vietnamese girlfriend or boyfriend is related to you... you just might have a Nguyen-Nguyen situation", "My friend recently was crushed by a pile of books, but he only has his shelf to blame. ", "My girlfriend dumped me so I stole her wheelchair. Guess who came crawling back. ", "Instead of a cross, people who believe jesus was killed by a gun wear that on their necklace and at the top of their church ", "I had to give up my career as a photographer. I kept losing focus. ", "Does this rag smell like chloroform to you? ", "What does ADHD stand for ? Attention Deficit Hey Doughnuts. ", "If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular? ", "The high cost of living has beaten many centsless. ", "I thought I was losing weight because my pants are falling down, but it turns out that the convex of my fattening belly was pushing them down. ", "Welcome to Costco I love you! ", "Imagine you're a centipede and your feet fell asleep. ", "Many crimes against mimes go unreported ", "If you don't know how to call a coin flip, think ahead. ", "Necrophilia, better late than never ", "If my boss ran like his mouth he'd be in good shape. ", "I just realized, shotguns are so widespread. ", "Being a bachelor is great. You get home-cooked meals, along with a variety of cooks. ", "\u202aThe trouble with scolding your cat is that when you tell them to knock it off, they generally do.\u202c ", "Words are powerful, so choose them good. ", "an anarchist leader rules the unruled ", "I saw an article about this poor man that became a millionaire after letting his Labrador sleep on top of him; I love a good underdog story. ", "Jainism is a mosquito conspiracy. ", "I have a joke about involuntary celibacy but you won't get it. ", "I\u2019ve been working on my horrible sense of direction, which I believe is a step in the left direction. ", "Last night in bed my wife asked me to roleplay. Turned out I was just an extra. ", "A lot of brave men fought and died in San Antonio, Texas, which is Alamo reason to remember. ", "I don\u2019t care what all the SJW say, Winnie Harlow giving the checkered flag early at the Canadian Grand Prix absolutely was a race issue. ", "I hate pain, unless it's French ", "I accidentally gave myself a mullet but it\u2019s growing on me. ", "My brother and I laugh at how competitive we were as kids, but I laugh more. ", "Taking pictures in a vacation makes it really unforgettable ", "If jesus died so you can sin less then satan died so you can sin more ", "Most of old age isn't a death sentence, just the very end. I'll be honest.  I stole this from The New Yorker; Jack Handy.", "I hate it when ice sculptures give me the cold shoulder. ", "I ain\u2019t the brightest book in the shed. ", "My friend had amnesia and couldn\u2019t remember how to walk up the stairs, so I had to go back and teach him step by step. ", "I worked in finance once, but I just didn't have enough interest. ", "*walks upto a girl with literally no butt* hey did someone appreciate that ass, it just seems flattered. ", "Marriage isn't a word; it's a sentence. ", "Technophobes won't get this joke. ", "Am returning your nose Dear, I found it in my business. ", "I can't figure out why I did not get excepted to college. ", "Yes, wine does improve with age. The older you get, the more you like it.\ud83c\udf77 ", "I'm sexually attracted to metal boxes with locking system. But don't worry, it's safe sex. ", "A volcano is just a pessimist volca. ", "Pre-schoolers are like black holes, because they draw in everything around them. ", "I decided to give up fly-fishing when I got badly hooked. ", "After years of marriage I finally found my wife's G-spot. Her younger sister has it.", "The Tasmanian Devil has a tattoo of me on his arm ", "If the human body has two 'I's, how is multiple personality syndrome a disorder? ", "Drinking alcohol causes memory loss and memory loss ", "As my dad entered the bedroom, turning on the light, I jumped out from under the covers screaming \"SURPRISE MOTHERFUCKER\" ", "A man walks into a bra [removed]", "There must be a lot of fake estate agents for the other ones to assure us they're real. ", "Trump's hair is making a combback. ", "The doctors tried to save my uncle with an i.v., but all their efforts were in vein. ", "Being good pays off later but evil pays off now. ", "terrorists put dihydrogen monoxide into the water supply ", "Sex appeal, please give generously. ", "Giraffes look like horses when they're not aroused. ", "A rock is an atheist, doesnt believe in god cuz it doesnt believe anything ", "I get a really shitty connection to the internet in my bathroom ", "Werewolves are morning people ", "There's something really strange about my new, frictionless car, but just can't put my finger on it. ", "Im doing a porn watch party... If ya wanna come ", "People often say that my life must be tough living with erectile dysfunction, but it's not so hard. ", "You know whats worse than your girlfriend cheating on you with your dad? Cheating on your girlfriend with your dad. ", "I stayed up all night trying to remember, the difference between insomnia and amnesia. ", "My girlfriend and I have been in an open relationship for three months now...and she still doesn't know. [deleted]", "To the construction worker cutting wood outside my house, I know what you saw. ", "I can cut a piece of wood just by staring at it.. It's true. I saw it with my own eyes. ", "Elevator broken, sorry for the inconveyance. ", "I wonder if it is possible to get postpartum depression from taking a massive shit ", "If people who eat vegetables are vegetarians and people who eat fish are pescatarians, then cannibals should really be called humanitarians. ", "My dad has the heart of a lion. Plus a lifetime ban from the zoo. ", "I had to break up with my cross-eyed girlfriend because apparently, she was seeing someone else on the side. ", "Is there anyone out there that suffers from multiple personalities....I just want you to know, you're not alone. ", "Do you know where dijon is? Cause I musturd ", "I was hanging out with Arnold Schwarzenegger Me: Hey Arnold, let's pretend to be famous composers. I'll be Beethoven.\n\nArnold: I'll be Bach.", "The Little Mermaid wears seashells because she outgrew her B shells. ", "Being dyslexic in college really stinks, especially when you're in a fart. ", "The girl I like said she\u2019d go out with me if I knew a six letter word that\u2019s a synonym for \u201ccalm\u201d, so I answered, \u201cIt\u2019s sedate.\u201d ", "Convicts are committed people. ", "If I had to choose one person, it would definitely be you guys [removed]", "I will only live in an apartment because I have homophobia! ", "Some people think I'm a selfish inconsiderate jerk, but that's their problem. ", "Listen, I like being first in line as much as the next guy. ", "As an executioner, I hung a lot of people that were squares. Now I'd like to hang around. ", "Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes - Jim Carrey ", "I was watching her fine ass walk to my bedroom and thought to myself this is the shape of things to come [deleted]", "If we saw logs in our sleep then we should be called slumberjacks. ", "Breaking and entering is illegal but breaking to escape is ok ", "My sister dated a magazine salesman, but he had too many issues. ", "Hindsight is 2020. ", "we've been studying the iliad in school - it's so epic! ", "Does an insomniac agnostic dyslexic stay up all night wondering if there really is a dog? ", "When I was young, I walked by a church and the priest told me I looked cute; I was touched. ", "When Hillary Clinton was asked if Harvey Weinstein's behavior reminded her of her husband's, she said, \"Close, but no cigar.\" ", "Did I already tell you my Alzheimer\u2019s joke? ", "Hate to break it to you, Facebook, but the entire Internet is already a Dislike button. ", "Lots of people don't have faith in their erections, but I'm a firm believer. ", "If you got your mouth stuck in a mouse trap, you\u2019d start calling it \u201cmouth trap\u201d. ", "I've been trying to throw this boomerang away for weeks now! ", "When a Chinese person leaves Asia, are they disorientated? ", "I went to a psychiatrist's office, wearing only Saran wrap underwear and the doctor took one look at me and said, \u201cWell, I can clearly see your nuts.\u201d ", "Do you ever wonder if middle school PE teachers hang around major protests to collect the beanbags the police fire at protesters? ", "A niche is a female version of a nephew. ", "When I sit down on the toilet, some shit is about to go down. ", "My favourite outdoor activity is lock picking. ", "I asked my girlfriend if she thought my erotic courtroom role-playing idea was weird and she said 'You be the judge.' [deleted]", "People who say they suffer from constipation, are full of crap. ", "There isn\u2019t anyone in the Chuck E Cheese line up that makes me think their food is sanitary. They have a rat, a dog, a pidgin, a hairy purple monster and a sweaty Italian. ", "\u201cCognito ergo sum\u201d but \u201cincognito ergo cum\u201d ", "I've a elevendency to exaggerate things. ", "I usually charge for my chimney jokes but this one's on the house ", "Whoever said technology would replace all paper obviously hasn\u2019t tried wiping their but with an iPad. ", "Government of the rich people, buy the people, for the rich people shall not perish from earth! [deleted]", "My friend keeps trying to convince me that he's a compulsive liar, but I don't believe him. ", "Whenever I watch E.T. I think, \"Just get to the point.\" ", "I won best newcomer at the British Porn Awards last night &amp;#x200B;", "I wish the very first word I ever said was \u201cQuote\u201d, so that way, right before I die, I could say, \u201cEnd quote.\u201d ", "The Tour de France was difficult, but Lance Armstrong had a ball. ", "My father was a man of few words. He once said to me: \"Son...\" ", "You can take a horse out on a date, but you can't make it drink. ", "Whenever I get brainfreeze, I just eat some road salt to make it melt faster ", "My wife just hiked up her skirt proving that her new diet and exercise routine has worked wonders. ", "I never forget my son's first words... \"Where the heck have you been for 16 years?\" ", "Do you really think this rhetorical question is some kind of joke? ", "I'm not passive-aggressive... unlike a certain someone. ", "I bought a dehumilifier to help take care of the cringeworthy memories problem ", "I was going to get a brain transplant , but then I changed my mind. ", "Never get into an argument with a schizophrenic and say \"Who do you think you are?\" ", "If you go to jail for tax evasion, aren't you basically living off taxes, for not paying your taxes ? ", "I'm a seasoned kamikaze veteran, cuz all my jokes bomb ", "Legoshi got pulled in the rabbit hole ", "I always sneeze on my knuckles before a fight to inflict extra poison damage. ", "Time flies when you're throwing clocks. ", "I encountered a guy at the lake who was really excited about fishing, but I didn\u2019t see the lure. ", "What if Rudolf has a red nose only because Vixen gave him a horrendous STD? ", "If you are making fun of me, then you are probably very funny ", "\"GAP: Clearance!\" ", "You have two parts of brain, 'left' and 'right'. In the left side, there's nothing right. In the right side, there's nothing left. ", "Stop using a fork to eat peanut butter out of the jar and use a spoon like everyone else you heathen!!! ", "My wife came home from work crying yesterday and asked me to console her, so I hit her over the head with my X-Box. ", "Sometimes I go to the outlet mall just to charge my phone. ", "People who believe god can move faster than light, what equal-and-opposite-force hits him just before he does? ", "The word \u201cdiputseromneve\u201d may look ridiculous, but backwards, it\u2019s even more stupid. ", "If I had a dollar for every time my professor gave a boring lecture in class...I'd actually go. ", "I wonder how climate change will affect my seasonal depression. ", "It's hard to face your problems when your problem is your face. ", "After 8 beers I was dangerously weaving in the middle of the road, I guess it's probably safer to make the basket at home. ", "How do you make a hormone Don\u2019t pay her", "I would say my biggest strength is my ability to hold a grudge until the day I die. ", "- are u single? - nah, bipolar ", "dont do the crime and get caught if you cant do the time ", "My gran once had a bad stroke, so i screamed at her \"its not fucking good enough\" and pushed her into the bunker ", "The difference between \"burro\" and \"burrow?\" - if you don't know that, you can't tell your ass from a hole in the ground. ", "The best thing about Boolean is that even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit. [deleted]", "Double vision is increasingly common. Double vision is increasingly common. [deleted]", "I can't tell if this guy across from me on the train looks like Sigmund Freud or a penis. ", "When I was a child, I wanted to be a brain surgeon, but apparently I was too young. ", "I got kicked out of school because they have recess, and I don't play games. ", "Coffee puns have Azero percent success rate. ", "Tailgating probably isn't my favourite topic in the world, but it's not far behind. ", "I told my teacher I'm more of a hands on learner, she kicked me out of Sex Ed. [deleted]", "Begging for money on the streets makes a lot of cents. ", "asked a guy to explain being blind and he was like well you see, i don't ", "There's no shortcut to becoming a hairstylist. ", "Red wine and fish don't mix, in fact, mine died. ", "Starbucks isnt that expensive, when you think of how much Victoria Secrets charges per cup. ", "Choosing between Democrats and Republicans is kind of like being asked if one prefers to be enslaved or raped. #PoisonParty2020", "humour My girlfriend keeps going on about robbie williams and gary barlow Ive had enough   i cant  take that !", "\"If you go down, I'll go down with you.\" - Rubber Dinghy ", "I could never forgive my girlfriend if she caught me cheating ", "In music a 7th chord leaves you with a sense of incompleteness, like a set-up without a ", "Is Ivanka Trump a Jew d'Orange? ", "What's the opposite of 'isolate?' You so early. ", "My dream girl keeps stressing me about the fact that I only see her when I'm asleep. ", "I hooked up with a mime last night and she did unspeakable things! ", "I got so excited for spring I wet my plants. ", "having colon cancer is such a pain in the ass ", "Crushing up and snorting coffee beans is where I draw the line. ", "I AM in shape. Piriform is a shape. ", "My pirate costume cost me a hand and a leg, and an eye. ", "I'm a man of my word, and I keep my fucking mouth shut. ", "You can't possibly drink alone. Even the bottle gets drunk with you. ", "The sketchy salesman said it was just a pretty pillow case, but I knew it was a sham. ", "The largest unisex toilet in the world is the pool ", "What do you call a joke with no punchline? ", "I didn't realize it was time to wake up, until it dawned on me. ", "That the English love to drink Tea seems to be showing up in their language a li''le. ", "Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana. ", "A keyring is a handy little gadget that allows you to lose all your keys at once. ", "if i buy my sex robot a strap on can i program it to jpeg me ", "I've got a joke for you about an elevator door, it works on so many levels. ", "Today I realized that On Line Dating is just OLD. And since I'm that way also, one would think the two would go together.", "I received a gift from my psychiatrist, it was shrink wrapped. ", "Maze addicts are hard to find. ", "The cashier\u2019s always checking me out. ", "You mean you don't want a three way? I'm so sorry sweetie, I thought you said \"make sure to get Mike Litorus next time\" ", "My neighbors are listening to great music, whether they like it or not. ", "Energy is a hot topic in thermodynamics right now. ", "Counting in binary goes from 0-100 real quick. &amp;#x200B;", "Disney now owns Star Wars, Marvel, Indiana Jones, Disney World and the Simpsons, so if they acquire my parent\u2019s divorce, they will own my entire childhood. ", "TRUMP... European leaders continue to practice social distancing by staying 3000 miles away from Trump.", "Thank God for the devil or else we would have noone but God to blame evil on ", "I used to be a member of the secret cooking society but they kicked me out for spilling the beans. ", "I am a sex symbol, I symbolize no sex. [deleted]", "I earn my income taking care of horses, it\u2019s nothing special but it\u2019s a stable job. ", "\"Wasn't a problem at all, in fact it was a piece of cake!\" said the baker. ", "ill never stop being pissed about how much beef jerky costs ", "Video games can be great at parties, but some can be Bad Company 2. [deleted]", "Hovercrafts are fan-sea vehicles. ", "A friend of mine told me he did a stand up comedy routine from bed. He was lying. ", "Some Alligators can grow up to 15 feet but most only have 4... ", "I only exaggerate once every million years ", "Two silk worms had a race, but it ended in a tie. ", "I hate petty people so much, I keep a list of them. ", "I like my women like I like my hot tubs: So hot I can only stay in them for 30 seconds. ", "You cant like raising hell if you dont like raising taxes ", "When the police seize heroin, it's dope. ", "Thanks for defining the word \u201cmany\u201d for me, it means a lot. ", "I ordered a red bull but I got no wings. ", "Subjectivity is the best! ", "Ask a fireman to help you quit smoking ", "Never mix drinks and feelings. ", "If they had added Leap Year Day to April instead of February, instead of getting another cold wet winter day, we'd have an extra nice spring day. ", "Dominos forgot to add extra cheese on my pizza so I went to the shop and gave them a pizza my mind! [deleted]", "My son 'Qwertyuiop' eventually forgave me when he realised how satisfying it is to type his own name. ", "one liner  **Last week Thursday I can't believe the line was so long at the build a bear store. It cost me $60** ", "I ate at a restaurant called Karma even though it had no menus, because we just ate what we deserved. ", "Support bacteria- they\u2019re the only culture some people have ", "The only thing flat-earthers fear, is sphere itself! [removed]", "Cannibals are true humanitarians. ", "There are 70 ways to keep a man happy. One is alcohol, the other is 69. ", "Anti-vaxxers are missing the point. Anti-vaxxers are missing the point.", "I've a twin sister with a lisp. She's the spitting image of me. ", "Heading towards waterfalls is a current problem. ", "I couldn't pay the exorcist so he repossessed my house ", "I recently decided to sell my vacuum as all it was doing was gathering dust ", "I've asked my wife to always buy my trousers from now on because chinos what's best. ", "I just got in touch with my inner self... that's the last time I buy cheap toilet paper. ", "Know why they call it a Fiat? Cause if you get mad enough, you can throw one ", "Prostitutes try to get the most out of their clients. [deleted]", "WHYLIVE [removed]", "The effect viagra has on men is easily measured. ", "Nothing doesn't exist ", "Survey found that 100% of people are not in a coma ", "Make sure to use protection when having phone sex. I didn't and now I have hearing aids. You should also use protection when having Skype sex, but avoid Trojans.", "If I had a penny for every time someone used an annoying analogy I could buy my own island ", "Laptops being banned in cabins is a no-brainer; Samsung has just released notebook 7 laptops [removed]", "I think sleep is nice because it gives me a break from myself. ", "My dad is a real motherfucker. ", "An a walks into a br ", "Using the elevator was uplifting at first, but then it let me down. ", "If someone could shed some light why my flashlight app needs updating, that'd be great. ", "My girlfriend broke up with me so I took her wheelchair. Guess who came crawling back.", "I mailed you a penny, but I'm not sure if it was cent ", "Tonight is Open Mike Night at my autopsy club. ", "Pouring a glass of wine is wasting a glass of wine. Down the drain it goes...", "I didn't want to give the brain surgeon a piece of my mind. ", "Weed will get you through times of no money better than money will get you through times of no weed. ", "I like doing impressions of myself. ", "Condoms are for fucking pussies! ", "\"I stand corrected,\" said the man in the orthopedic shoes. ", "Does an agnostic, dyslexic insomniac stay up all night wondering if there is a dog? ", "I agreed when my mom called me a son of a bitch. ", "She said she wasn't pregnant but contractions speak louder then words. ", "It's not unlike me to use double negatives. ", "Time flies when you're having fun; fruit flies get drunk on ethanol. ", "I used to be friends With a bunch of chemists who loved jokes about noble gases, but most of them argon now.", "Undiagnosed depression makes me sad. ", "The cross-eyed teacher had a hard time because he couldn\u2019t control his pupils ", "I got a part time job reciting popular celebrity phrases but got fired for my terrible Arnold Schwarzenegger impersonations, don\u2019t worry I\u2019ll return. ", "I know an old woman who says she gave Albert Einstein a handjob. What a stroke of genius. ", "Yoga pants dont make yoga any easier And wearing a wife beater doesnt make her listen any better", "I was a man stuck in a woman's body, then I was born. ", "I've just gotta relax after a hard day of ignoring work. ", "If schools would stop teaching subtraction, kids would never know the difference. ", "To the guy who invented Zero: Thanks for nothing! ", "I find that ducks opinion of me is very much influenced by whether or not I have bread. ", "To ensure equal representation, Joe Biden promises to choose a sane person as his running mate ", "My friend couldn\u2019t afford their water bill so I sent them a get well card. ", "I've never been a big proponent of weight loss. ", "To the people who are trying to overcome their paranoia, I'm behind you all the way. ", "I don't like to think about the time I worked on the paint counter at a DIY store. It brings back mixed emulsions.", "I hate fences, lets picket them. ", "As an executioner, I used to think about hanging a lot of people who were zeros, now I'd like to hang one. ", "The shooter in Orlando shot up a nightclub, we know it was malevolent because everybody already had their hands up. [deleted]", "The Internet is a weapon of mass distraction. ", "My ex, who left me 267 days 3 hours and 16 minutes ago, says that I've \"not moved on\". ", "Breastfeeding sucks ", "I don't know how to describe my views on freedom of speech without offending anyone. ", "My Dad always used to tell me, \"You miss 100% of the shots you don't hit.\" He was nothing if not pragmatic.", "If the devil ever goes bald, there could be hell toupe. ", "Making eye contact with people is the most important thing about working at a vision lense factory ", "spicy food is a a weapon of ass destruction ", "You don\u2019t need a parachute to go skydiving, you need a parachute to go skydiving twice ", "I'm thinking of opening a sperm bank and calling it, \"Get a Load of This Guy.\" ", "My wife called me a wimp. I almost said something. ", "I just ordered the Where's Waldo? audiobook ", "This drunk guy kept going around putting his dick on everyone's wrists, and I said \"not on my watch!\" ", "Eating a clock would be very time consuming. ", "I want to set up a Stereophonics tribute act, but I procrastinate a lot. So, maybe tomorrow. ", "To make use of Lyft's speedy new service for Black Friday shoppers, call (900) SHOP-LYFT. ", "Welcome to Androgynous FM... ", "I read a book about how to be street smart and now I don't know which one I am. ", "I used to sneak out of the house to go to parties. Now I sneak out of parties to go home.\ud83c\udf89\ud83c\udf8a ", "How\u2019s life? [removed]", "Avoiding dangling prepositions is something I am really good at. ", "I have two different grammar teachers teaching conflicting things and sometimes I don't know whom to believe. [deleted]", "I've just been asked to bury the world's fattest man which is a massive undertaking. ", "Neil Armstrong's dad once ejaculated so hard that it eventually landed on the moon. ", "A lotion thief is a smooth criminal ", "On the other hand, you have different fingers. ", "It's really a shame that Gene Hackman didn't go into DNA splicing ", "Elevator jokes are funny on so many levels ", "Why can't cats work on the computer? They get too distracted chasing the mouse around [removed]", "To have a sex you need to make lots of dick moves ", "I'm afraid that one day when I meet God, he'll sneeze and I won't know what to say. ", "First coffee makes you get up and go, then it makes you sit down and go. ", "If you don't have time for a boyfriend and a dog, then I, as a werewolf, am an excellent bargain. ", "I can never finish a joke with my boxer friend, he always beats me to the punch line. ", "Just signed my will which is a dead giveaway. ", "If your boss refuses to pay you more money, no problem, just accuse them of raise-ism. ", "I have a small penis. (not sure whose?) ", "I called Doris Day's cousin the other day. She hates when I call her that. ", "Hecklers Anonymous meeting tonight, 7pm start, bring your own boos. ", "I had a dream all of the babies prevented by the pill showed up. They were mad. [removed]", "My child was acting up at the doctor\u2019s: so I asked him to be a little patient. ", "I crashed my brother's old car in the morning since I could not see anything without the Day Time-running Lights ", "The shinbone is a device to find furniture in a dark room. ", "I'm dating a hunchback. We have had a lot of problems in our relationship, but I think we're over the hump. ", "Iron Man is technically a FEmale. ", "You can't hum while holding your nose. You can't hum while holding your nose.", "I gave my wife a necklace and got a chain reaction. ", "I just melted an ice cube by staring at it, but it took a bit longer than I thought it would though. ", "Bought a memory foam mattress because I was feeling lonely, sadly its more shallow than I expected. ", "I\u2019m a big fan of wind turbines ", "I hate it when I get caught when I writing on the waggavanymxlsnbsjskynxoslndndmfocmfn... ", "You can have all 3 states of matter out from your ass. ", "Depression is the weirdest stripper name. Then again I have heard that depression sucks. [deleted]", "My heart was broken when the doctor told me that my cardiac pacemaker couldn't be replaced. ", "I was born at an early age [deleted]", "Maybe plants are farming us, giving us oxygen until we decompose and they can eat us ", "I've got this new hobby where I tell everyone about my obscure interests. ", "\"MIDWIFE FOR SALE\" (can deliver) ", "What do you call a black homosexual? Niggay.", "Just joined Reddit. Feel like the worst Rapist ever, 10 violations in less than a month. ", "I thought becoming a real estate agent would be easy, but I had a lot to learn. ", "I wasn't sure I wanted to buy the car so the salesman threw in a leather seat package but I'm not easily suede. ", "Don't know why my fishing buddy is afraid of Covid. He never catches anything. ", "A frozen bottle of water should be allowed on a flight since it\u2019s not a liquid. ", "I once dated an apostrophe; she was too possessive. ", "I took a test to see if I had a kidney stone. I passed it. ", "Colored people are great but I dont like coloured people ", "people dont care if they're spied on by someone they and their friends will never hear back from, until its too late ", "I couldn\u2019t quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but then it came back to me. ", "People who participate in cock fights and rodeos must really enjoy cock and bull torture. ", "I rocked a baby to sleep last night; I gave it the ol\u2019 one-two. ", "My friend Morgan is not bound to anyone or anything. Morgan Freeman. ", "In light of collapsing economy, JPMorgan plans to lay off several members of Congress ", "I wondered why the guy next to me was sitting in the Urinal, then he told me he had Diarrhea. ", "Even YouTube thinks I am cheap, I got offended when I noticed that only the dirty videos had \"Recommended for you\" written under them. ", "Due to so few visitors at the local cemetery, they are now employing skeleton staff. ", "If I wanted to know about MLK I would have axed you! ", "Cows that have a sense of humor are just laughing stock. ", "I always thought revenge is a dish best served cold, then I found out it means getting back at somebody. ", "Donald Trump is not a fruit, but surely he's a wallnut. ", "One of the girls in the office where I work is having a baby, I just haven't decided which one yet. ", "I hope when i inevitably choke to death on gummy bears, my family will just say i was killed by a bear and leave it at that. ", "Only dudes with a giant penis can upvote this. ", "I misplaced Dwayne Johnson\u2019s origami scissors. I can\u2019t believe I lost the Rock\u2019s Paper Scissors. ", "What do the president of a the USA and a newly formed country of catty gay men have in common? Their fear of assassination. ", "Man, choking on sugar seems like the sweetest way to die! ", "Sperm donations are more valuable than blood donation, because they are handmade. ", "\ud83e\udd14 ", "My artificial Christmas tree is like me: every year a little less foliage on top and a bit more dim. ", "Someone tried to sell me a casket, that's the last thing I need. ", "I recently installed an illeagal, electric elevator and was promptly brought up on battery charges. ", "Rockcorn is basically popcorn that likes to mosh. [deleted]", "A sex shop is the only place where 'shove it up your ass' isn't an insult. ", "When I got pulled over by the cops and asked if I had a police record, I said, \u201cNo, but I\u2019ve got a Sting album.\u201d ", "I get kicks from knowing a shoe salesman. ", "I have sensitive teeth. Even me just saying that offends them. ", "Shit just got real! ", "I went to a sex addicts meeting, but nobody there gave a fuck. ", "Hymen's hymn is another way of saying vagina monologue. ", "Saw a guy drinking and driving and decided to follow him to the bar he was going to get a DUI leaving tonight. ", "A horse is a very stable animal. ", "I\u2019ll tell ya, I kno I\u2019m ugly. The other day, I went to my proctologist and he stuck finger in my mouth -Rodney Dangerfield", "Brain food is very different to cannibals. [deleted]", "J\u00e4germeister should be consumed in an elevator to lift up the spirit. ", "I was kicked out of the hospital, because apparently the sign \"stoke patients here\" means something entirely different. ", "I don't know much about immorality, but I know I'm not dying anytime soon. ", "Girl, the only reason I'm still with you is your cannibalistic nature when it comes to oral sex. ", "The worst thing to play kickball with is a bucket ", "India recently legalized arranged gay marriage, it's their version of population control. [deleted]", "Doggy-style is my favorite position, because I hate disappointed faces. ", "My conjoined twin has a huge penis. [deleted]", "I keep all of my clothes in my dresser...except my feminine clothes, which i keep in my cross-dresser. [deleted]", "The better the porn the less you watch. ", "After the butcher backed into the meat grinder, he got a little behind in his work. ", "I once met a cyclops named Justin Eyeball. ", "I am fed up with second rate solutions and am now going for third rate. ", "Take your pet to school day is fun and all until someone brings a Desert Eagle ", "Constipated people are full of shit. ", "Bifocals are God\u2019s way of saying, \u201cKeep your chin up.\u201d ", "Kyle Rittenhouse was going to speak at the RNC tonight, but he's already been booked. ", "The first rule of Thesaurus Club is you don't talk about, mention, speak of, discuss or chat about Thesaurus Club. ", "James Bond would be a much better spy if he didn't keep telling everyone who he was. ", "When people leave their families to become fishermen it's just too selfish. ", "I always thought that reincarnation was my best shot at fame and fortune. ", "In principle I'm against brain transplants, but after careful consideration I might change my mind. ", "Both of my feet are legends ", "I'm so straight, I don't even have a back door to my house. ", "Shout out to the people who don't know the opposite of in. ", "I just got a map of Italy tattooed on my chest. Now I\u2019ve got sore Naples. - Tim Vine ", "Always speak well of your enemies, after all, you made them. ", "I know the secret to making a successful oneliner. ", "That awkward moment between birth and death. ", "I just bought a calendar and now my days are numbered. ", "If a psychic has sex with an invisible man, can she see him coming? ", "Why wasn't Hitler ever invited to barbecues? He always burned the franks", "I added a few tarrot cards to the top of my house of cards, then it got haunted ", "Pedophiles never win races; they like to come in a little behind. ", "When they drop the ball in Times Square it'll be a nice reminder of what I did all year. ", "open mic comedy in Syria: people are very supportive, but there will be no one left if ANYONE bombs [deleted]", "Rose bushes make me so thorny. ", "If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is it naked, or homeless? [removed]", "Amy Schumer is hilarious. ", "The early bird shits on my porch before he catches the worm! ", "Learning how to use a clutch really grinds my gears. ", "I'm very empathic to sociopaths ", "The world record for biggest gender reveal party was in 1945 when Japan found out the United States had a Little Boy ", "I was raised as an only child, which really annoyed my sister. ", "My ex said I was selfish, like I was drinking all that pineapple juice for me. ", "I'm not fat, but my 100-metre dash record is about 54 metres. [deleted]", "Midget jokes aren\u2019t funny unless it\u2019s scored like golf. ", "Those people who see jesus on a piece of toast, arent making cannibal food right ", "I've tried every way possible to write the perfect joke about confirmation bias [removed]", "Are chefs learning Asian cuisine told to wok this way? ", "I found my first gray pubic hair today... In my breakfast burrito. ", "It's tough being a modern racist being around all these colored TVs ", "Beautiful stationary can be very moving ", "If two people with names that rhyme get married, can we call them rhyming couplets? ", "I hope I die peacefully in my sleep like my grandpa and not screaming like the passengers in his car. ", "Period ends a sentence as well as pregnancy speculation. ", "the Patriot Act is patriotic like the Titanic was a titan ", "It was so windy on the farm last week that a hen laid the same egg four times ", "The question on waves was very trough. I'm crestfallen.  ", "Did you guys hear about the blind prostitute? She didn't see it coming...", "I don't think my piano instructor cares... He doesn't give a sheet.", "What is the female version of a 'dick pic?' Flap Snap. ", "Any day can be your wedding day, if you just lower your standards enough. ", "I woke up this morning and forgot which side the sun rises from, then it dawned on me. ", "There is a new apartment called the Oedipus Complex, everyone and their mom is moving there. ", "People who use metaphors are assholes. ", "Studies say that in England sex education has flopped. ", "I just started reading my first ever Braille horror story and I think that something scary is about to happen, I can feel it. ", "My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son of a bitch ", "I hate the term 'Anal bleaching', I prefer to call it 'changing my ringtone' ", "I don't like being asked \"paper or plastic?\". Both make it harder to see during sex. ", "Cleopatra was one BABF. ", "If you're not there, you're square; cause you're sure as hell not a round. [deleted]", "If someone wants to say the word \u201cmotel\u201d backwards, just letom. ", "A skier retires when he starts going downhill. ", "\u201cAlways double check your internet quotes\u201d \u2014Lincoln ", "I don't plan to put up solar panels, but if you do, more power to you. ", "They ask me which country in Africa I'd like to visit and I'm like \"Niger please!\". ", "Anthems unite weaver ants ", "Concept of salads is weird. First you cut the veggies and then you do the dressing yourself. ", "Cremated ashes are dead weight. Fact.", "If a Sith Lord with 4 lightsabers was unable to say no then his name would be General Agreevous. ", "I was obsessed with Frozen for a long time, but was finally able to let it go. [deleted]", "I recycle a ton of stuff per year if you count washing my dishes and clothes ", "Why is gambling not allowed in Africa? There's too many Cheetahs. Bah doom, Tiss!", "When the dung beetle was shoved into the ground, it really ate shit ", "Palm reading [deleted]", "I threw a boomerang five years ago, it never came back and now I live in constant fear. ", "Don't you hate it when you wipe your arse too vigorously and your finger makes a hole in your girlfriend's sock? [deleted]", "My mum and dad's going through an identity crisis. ", "Sorry, but I don't speak any English, whatsoever. ", "I quit drinking yesterday. Come to think of it, I quit drinking every day. ", "I used to be indecisive, but now I\u2019m not sure. ", "_______________________ ", "There\u2019s no I in denial ", "My wife told me I was immature and needed to grow up, so guess who\u2019s not allowed in my tree house anymore!? ", "Hello, my name is Christopher... but for short I go by Christ. ", "I can tell if a train has driven by, just by looking at it\u2019s tracks. ", "A goose egg is good for nothing ", "Remember: Time flies like the wind, but fruit flies prefer bananas. ", "Steve Irwin died how he lived, with animals in his heart. ", "You sink the rocks that you step on. ", "How great it would be to be a pet fish. You're swimming around and suddenly it starts raining food. ", "As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in schools. ", "I don't want my ideas to trickle up, I want my virtues to trickle down ", "Latin is so superficial! ", "I'm holding out for Alexa to start sobbing when my speech gets slurred... just like my ex... ", "Autocorrect doesn't work whether you are a jew or a genital. ", "The Sasquatch went into the cabin and became constipated because he was lodged ", "advertisers are master baiters ", "Dalmatians aren't very good at playing hide and seek because they're always spotted. ", "I won't lose any sleep over my new mattress. ", "I have a chicken proof lawn. It's impeccable. ", "Is it still French Toast if they use Italian Bread? ", "I've seen God's silhouette - all I did was pour water over an enormous monster. [deleted]", "Today, someone was killed with a starters pistol. Police believe it was race related. ", "About 5 out of 4 people are bad at fractions. ", "If at first you dont succeed, then seed sucking is not for you. ", "I like my farts like I like my men: in gas form ", "I just got fired from my job at the bakery, which is upsetting cause I really kneaded the dough. ", "I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory; all I did was take a day off. ", "All this math practicing has really done a number on me. ", "I was told my gender studies degree would be useless, but I'm already conducting **trans**actions for a billion dollar company some like to call McDonald's. ", "When a dead comedian releases an album, it's released post-humorously. ", "In the circle of life you can find happiness in every corner ", "Imagine having Aphantasia ", "someone melted all my ice cubes and now i have to call the fbi because the water crossed state lines ", "I wanted to build the world's tallest building, but then I found out someone already did it ", "I forgot to turn my swag off before I went to bed and woke up covered in restraining orders. ", "My grandmother would be rolling in her ditch if she knew how much money I spent on her funeral. ", "9/11 conspiracy theorists don't beat around the Bush. ", "I lived in an apartment where sauron was just one moredoor down from me. ", "BREAKING NEWS: Pokemon Go player arrested for possession of CP. ", "I have no idea if I am very smart or very stupid. The evidence on both sides of the argument is overwhelming. ", "If laziness were a disability I'd have my own parking spot. ", "Fight Club is pretty overlooked. Nobody talks about it these days! [source](https://twitter.com/Ha_Ka_Tu/status/1065683612174036992)", "How Long is a Chinese name. ", "I've been told \"you are what you eat\", but that's odd, because I haven't eaten any sexy beasts lately. [removed]", "Miss. Dragon was about to give Mr. Dragon a blowjob until she realised it was a bad idea ", "Cows have hooves because they lactose. ", "Using this pandemic time to write a mini-series. You need a microscope to watch it. ", "I nevet wanted to be an astronaut until I realized I need some space [deleted]", "I'm going to open a medieval themed brothel and call it Came-a-lot ", "My grandpa has the heart of a lion... now we're both banned from the zoo ", "Don't take life seriously; nobody gets out alive anyways. ", "I didn\u2019t really like my facial hair, but now it grows on me. ", "Came up with a word for stealing other peoples' work:plagiarism ", "So it turns out that every office is NSFW now ", "A baby seal walks into a club . . . . . . . . ", "I mean, I like to exercise, but I'm not really a fan of Catholicism... Or demons. ", "Have you ever took a deep dive underwater and said, \u201edamn, that\u2019s breathtaking\u201d ", "I got my ex lasek surgery so she could see what she is missing. ", "I bought a resistance band for exercise and am already having trouble with the drummer ", "Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children. ", "People who jerk off all the time really come in handy. ", "The only thing greater than infinity is nothing. ", "Judge: You shouldn't have shown your... Louis: Ck? [deleted]", "Mouse traps are one of the best things on the market: they're practically untouchable. ", "My mate knows a crafty butcher, he likes his meat around the back. ", "I found out the guy who invented the flush toilet was named Thomas Crapper ", "I caught a mime artist with headphones listening to the pretenders. ", "That Mexican train murderer had some loco motives. ", "Humour is best used as an armour for defence, not as a weapon for attack. ", "Federal judge deals blow to marijuana activists http://imgur.com/X9SWUCm", "Instant shampoo - just add water! ", "Not sure if the world is ready for ejaculating clocks but I guess we'll know when the time comes. ", "Irregardless of what others think, misused words are annoying. ", "Shout out to the hard of hearing ", "Shittyideas ", "I was addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around. ", "I wonder if Whoopi Goldberg's parents realized the irony when they made whoopie. ", "I know a joke about dynamite, but it bombs. ", "When the past comes knocking, don't answer. It has nothing new to tell you. ", "When William joined the army he disliked the phrase 'fire at will'. ", "An abortion in Czechoslovakia is a cancelled Czech ", "I thought a suit made it mirrors was a good idea until I had time to sit down and reflect ", "If you go to jail for tax evasion, aren't you basically living off taxes, for not paying your taxes? ", "I think my impression of an al fresco statue is outstanding ", "I'd like to think all flight attendants went to boarding school. ", "I skipped church and went to the shoe shop to save my sole ", "Thank you student loans, for getting me through college, I don't think I can ever repay you. ", "I was fired from the keyboard factory today because I wasn\u2019t putting in enough shifts. ", "Even people who are good for nothing have the capacity to bring a smile to your face, for instance, when you push them down the stairs. ", "I Was Kidnapped By Mimes They did unspeakable things.", "On a trip to Dubai I traded my wife for 40 Camels...I usually smoke Marlboros but hey, a deals a deal! ", "My girlfriend and I just watched a whole season of Game of Thrones back to back - luckily I was the one facing the TV. ", "In the world of good vs evil, I am Switzerland ", "Nothing tops a margherita pizza ", "I protested against mass demonstrations. ", "Doggy-style sex with the wife is something I can really get behind. [deleted]", "Use a ramp if you feel inclined. ", "My wife and I split up over my use of horoscope jokes -- in the end, it Taurus apart. ", "Psychedelic drugs are great because they make you want to hug a tree, and only with psychedelic drugs will the trees hug back. ", "What's green and got wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels. ", "I want to start writing jokes, but can't seem to get my penis onto paper [removed]", "My friend's in prison for flashing; he says he can't bare it anymore. ", "Micro transactions -- It's in the game. ", "Great to see the NBA showing their solidarity with Black Lives Matter, by refusing to do any work. ", "People who live in stone houses, shouldn't throw glasses. ", "I annoyed my friend so he mixed up my Tic Tacs; that's one of his Tac Tics. ", "This oneline from Sleepaway camp is a gem: ", "Shouldn't skilled liars be called make-up artists? ", "I'm just not convinced I'm as skeptical as people say. ", "I could tell insomnia jokes all night and I\u2019d never get tired ", "Speaking ill of the dead is a grave mistake. ", "6 out of 7 dwarfs aren\u2019t happy. ", "I never realized how many people on reddit are lost and need to find de wey. ", "All mushrooms are edible, but some can only be eaten once. ", "A dyslexic walks into a bra ", "I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. I just can't put it down. ", "A guy walks into a bar and it hurts. ", "Did i already share my Deja Vu oneliner? ", "Some people get married only for the matri-money. ", "I heard that buttsex is painful ass fuck. ", "My lucky golf socks have a hole in one. ", "No matter how nice of a person I try to be, part of me will always be a dick. ", "I knew I was drunk after the bouncer put the breathalyser in my mouth and said \"Blow\". ...and I looked at him and asked, \"What? Where? I could do with a few lines.\"", "I decided to skip the 7 am funeral, I'm really not a mourning person. ", "Sadly my teacher, who could use two typewriters at one time, got fired for stereotyping. ", "I am fed up with second ate solutions and am now going for third rate. ", "Nothing teaches patience like burning the roof of your mouth ", "My sexual orientation is straighter than the pole your dad dances for me on. ", "If there was only one bitch then all the sons of bitches would be brothers ", "From the moment I met her I knew she\u2019d be a keeper I think it was the jars of honey that gave it away", "My doctor has given me some anti-gloating cream, but I don't want to rub it in. ", "What's the only bar a Jewish rapper can't drop? His Bar Mitzvah [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gjq8hRAJtxI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gjq8hRAJtxI)", "There's no future in becoming a historian. ", "I found my doctor's suggestion, for new hearing aids, sound advice. ", "Fingers crossed for my knuckle replacement \ud83e\udd1e\ud83c\udffe ", "I told my shrink I get the feeling my son doesn\u2019t want me around. He said \u201csmart kid!\u201d ", "A doctor tells a woman she can no longer touch anything alcoholic. So she gets a divorce. ", "My neighbors are listening to great music whether they like it or not. ", "Words that rhyme with common are uncommon... ", "There's a band called 1023MB They haven't had any gigs yet.", "I was offered a job of dressing up as a monkey to advertise my local zoo, but I turned it down because it paid peanuts. ", "quarantine edition please, leave me a loan", "Age is a state of mind; if nobody states my age, I certainly won't mind. ", "What did the dad say to his son before he got in the car? 'Son. Get in the car?' [deleted]", "The right man in the wrong place might eat all them cookies, Mr. Freeman.", "I bought a velcro strap sneakers, instead of a lace up....Why knot? ", "The best thing to carry with you when you start feeling tired is a knapsack. ", "If I knew what I was talking about, I could make more sense. ", "I am handling my porn addiction single handedly. ", "The thing about escalators is that if they break they are still stairs. ", "What was the chameleons excuse for ending up in jail? He was a product of his environment.", "Breakups are the hardest in China, you see her face everywhere. ", "If a group of people circled one person and coughed on them it would be the first wukake ", "How many times do I have to cry wolf before animal control shows up? ", "Jesus told everyone to like and subscribe to God, and also to remember to click the bell. ", "I can't believe nobody invited me to victim mentality club. ", "Here, I found what you were looking for - attention. ", "I hate catheters; they're always taking the piss. ", "I hate my mom because she always smothers me with hugs. I love my dad because he sfathers me with gifts. ", "I am a premature!! punctuator ", "Everyone wants the most bang for their buck, especially thrifty folks that enjoy prostitutes. [deleted]", "I can\u2019t stand intolerant people ", "I started a sarcasm club. It would mean the world to me if you would join. [deleted]", "My girlfriend gouged my eyes out, I couldn't see why. ", "I just got a rear view camera, a colonoscopy [deleted]", "Intelligence is the first thing I look for in a woman, because if she doesn\u2019t have that, I may just have a chance. ", "Ever been on your phone for 45 minutes look down and wonder, \u201cwhen did I eat corn?\u201d ", "I don't mind sacrificing my life for a principle - at least in principle. ", "Globes should just be called Map Balls. So pretentious. ", "Teach her to burp and you'll laugh for a day, teach her to fart and she will be so powerful we'll have to end her True story bro", "If vampires, werewolves, aliens, yeties and zombies created an activist movement they'd be VWXYZ. ", "Women live longer than men beacuse most of them don\u2019t have a wife. ", "I SWEAR TO GOD THERE'S ALWAYS A CAR TAILGATING MY TOW TRUCK. [deleted]", "Yime flies so fast that it's almost as if it time travels ", "Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud.", "All generalizations are stupid. ", "My teacher threw sodium chloride at me ... that's a salt. ", "I always thought you had a pubic hair until you pissed out of it. Nt", "It doesn't mean much to be important; the most important person at a funeral is dead. ", "If anorexic women want doctors to take them seriously, they should go on a hunger strike. [deleted]", "Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do. ", "Comedy is a fucking joke ", "Owning a cemetery is a grave business ", "10 years ago, if I could look into the future and see who I am today, I'd say, \"WHAT IS THIS MAGIC SORCERY?! AM I IN THE FUTURE?!\" ", "All dads are motherfuckers. ", "To the thief who stole all my cans of red bull, I don't know how you can sleep at night. ", "I bought a wooden whistle, but it wooden whistle. ", "I'm in a pirate themed band, and we can't stop writing hooks ", "Thought for today: Every fight is a food fight when you\u2019re a cannibal. ", "Today at work, I beat my boss over the head with a pie chart and now I\u2019ve been charged with a graph-aided assault. ", "Police were called to a day care, where a three-year-old was resisting a rest. ", "There must be moths on their way to the sun right now, thinking \"This is going to be totally worth it!\" (Bill Hicks)", "People looking for the guillotine don't know where they beheaded ", "Before you judge a man, walk a mile in his shoes. After that, who cares? He's a mile away, and you've got his shoes! ", "My wife\u2019s sister was lonely and fell on hard times, so I invited her to live with us and I think it was rather bigamy. ", "The most recent thing just happened ", "Sorry about my voice, I was talking about buying a pony for my daughter and got a little horse. ", "If fish were boneless sushi places would serve them live ", "Even if you love slavery, if you believe in reincarnation you cant risk being born into it ", "The hardest part about starting a new relationship, is learning how to fart silently again. ", "If You feel down then Log into Reddit watch some Videos ", "I was trying to daydream but my mind kept wandering. ", "If Wonder Woman used her own yeast to bake bread, it would be wonder bread. ", "There\u2019s a party in my pants. And urine\u2026vited. ", "It\u2019s true that I\u2019m lazy, and it took me a really long time to admit that. ", "When a woman says you cant get sex anywhere else, its like a movie theater saying you cant bring in outside food cuz both are trying to sell you something overpriced. ", "I can\u2019t believe I got fired from the calendar company for taking a day off ", "I want to open a bar with a dance studio inside and call it the Tap Room. ", "Inside jokes are totally tonkatrocious. ", "If you believe in telekinesis, raise my hand ", "It took me a long time to figure out I'm a slow learner. ", "People only see my chick blush but no one see my dick blush ", "At AA I was told I need to stop making pour decisions. ", "If anyone here wants to become friends with a pirate salesman, keep an eye out. ", "I was gonna go to med school in Egypt, but then I learned that Cairo Practors aren't real doctors. ", "Someone should start a pizza thread, where OP delivers. ", "They say dogs are man\u2019s best friend, but even my worst enemy wouldn\u2019t look me in the eye while pooping on my carpet. ", "People using umbrellas always seem to be under the weather. ", "It's not drinking alone, if the kids are in the car with you. ", "In-flight meals are all lies before takeoff. [OC]", "If you don't cook with virgin olive oil then your oil has touched a genital ", "Take my advice... I'm not using it ", "I once had to say goodbye to a good buy to do good by a good bi because I owed them money. ", "Say what you want about masturbators, but they really do come in handy ", "I wonder how many floppy disks it took North Korea to store all of Sony's information on... ", "I got a circular hot tub, goes to 360 degrees. [deleted]", "I tried to learn how to make yogurt, but it's all Greek to me. ", "Jump scares do nothing for me, but that's to be expected. ", "The only thing less funny than self deprecating humor is me. ", "Santa doesn\u2019t have kids because he only comes once a year, and then it\u2019s down the chimney ", "I'm bias against favouritism. ", "My band's name is 999meg, we can't get a gig. ", "its ok to drive drunk if its a vampire who drank you ", "Mixing the letters of \"Begone Thot!\" gets you \"Begotten Ho!\" ", "For the Jews and Palestinians, the struggle Israel. ", "Insomnia is very common, so I try not to lose any sleep over it. ", "Sometimes I wake up grumpy, sometimes I let her sleep in. ", "Politicians and Diapers should be changed regularly and for the same reason ", "I love everything about Switzerland and their flag is a big plus too. ", "Im saving up for a piggy bank. [deleted]", "I keep swiping right, but none of my dates work out, maybe I should lose the broom. [deleted]", "Second base is a really touchy subject ", "Today at lunch I saw a beer tap that said \"Nut Brown Ale\" and I thought to myself if I could do that I'd be famous. ", "Why do so many people hate the guy who killed Hitler? ", "I, for one, like Roman numerals ", "My taste in women has always been a bit fishy. ", "Verbs are always intense. ", "By the time a man realizes that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he\u2019s wrong. ", "So what if I can\u2019t spell Armageddon- It\u2019s not the end of the world! ", "Whiteboards are remarkable. ", "The moon annoys the sun everyday just to get a rise out of it. ", "After years of marriage I finally found my wife's G-spot. Turns out it was right inside my back pocket.", "Vietnamese men looking only for hookups are Phokboys. ", "Considering we can't tickle ourselves I'd say we got pretty fucking lucky with masturbation ", "I love my dog but his mom is a bitch. ", "A goose grows up, while growing down. ", "The only exercise I've been getting lately is skipping the gym. ", "The Chinese might have the smallest dick in the world but still managed to fuck us all. [deleted]", "Dyslexic Dwarves: They're not big and they're not clever ", "Make great America great again. [deleted]", "Roses are red, violets are blue, trees are brown and so is poo. ", "Now that it\u2019s been proven that dogs can sniff out cancer, does that mean the end of the cat scan? ", "I like humour like my coffee... except that I don't drink coffee. ", "Netflix is raising rates again; Man, whoever's password I'm using has got to be pissed! ", "Today I tried to buy an entire chess set at a pawn shop. ", "Life and Limbo start with the same letters. [removed]", "Morticians have to be careful to spell the name right to avoid making a grave mistake. ", "If your kid does not want to take a nap, is he refusing a rest? ", "I used to be into S&amp;M, bestiality, and necrophilia all at the same time... until I realized I was just beating a dead horse. ", "See-saws don\u2019t live a balanced life. [deleted]", "I don\u2019t have emotions and it\u2019s pissing me off ", "If your parents never had children, chances are neither will you. ", "read and lead rhyme, read and lead rhyme, however read and lead dont rhyme same with read and lead ", "\u0627\u0644\u0634\u0631\u0643\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0645\u0627\u0631\u0627\u062a\u064a\u0629 \u0644\u0646\u0642 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0641\u0634 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0627\u062b\u0627\u062b http://uae-move.blogspot.com.eg/ [removed]", "A man walks into a stable and the horse says, \"Why the small cock?\" ", "Getting Reddit karma is a piece of cake. ", "This pen that I stole from the bank is off the chain... ", "Don't eat animal crackers if the seal is broken ", "8000|}~ \u20ac Collogues Appreciate You Adding Cute Caterpillar '.txt Art' Into their email signatures #txtart #suprisesig ", "My father threw me in the pool to teach me to swim, once I got the chains off the swimming was easy. ", "When my girlfriend told me to stop impersonating a flamingo I had to put my foot down. ", "On a trip to Dubai I traded my wife for 40 Camels...I usually smoke Marlboros but a deal's a deal! ", "My son told me that blueberry was his least favorite, but traffic jam is mine. ", "In the movie \"Hook\", Tinkerbell came out as a big \"Pan\"-sexual. True story.", "Too bad that all the people who really know how to run this country are busy driving taxis and cutting hair. ", "Extraverts are having an extra hard time with social distancing. ", "The first time I heard about Instagram I thought it was a drug delivery service. ", "Ayy E, I owe you one. Why? Bc. ;) ", "I don't fuck with the metric system, I pound it. ", "I don't really know too much about Switzerland...but their flag is a big plus! ", "I'm an animal! And not a fun animal like a penguin, no... I'm like a self aware slug. ", "I tried to start a group for guys with Erectile Dysfunction, but nobody was up for it. ", "My dad is a responsible golfer. No matter how many clubs he hits, he always brings a designated driver. ", "I am addicted to porn, and I need to beat it. [deleted]", "Audio engineers give sound advice ", "An alcoholic and a peripatetic walk into a bar ", "When a snail loses its shell it looks sluggish. ", "The last time someone was interested in my body was when I filled out my organ donor card. ", "Ordered a vault and a speaker...finally arrived safe and sound ", "My Doctor told me that the first sign of AIDS is a severe pounding in the Rectum. ", "My friend told me he had to be at the doctor's for 2:30, I said screw the doctor you need a dentist ", "I\u2019m typing slow because I know you\u2019re a slow reader. ", "I wanted to place a bid at the silent auction, but it was not aloud. ", "Entered what I ate today in my new fitness app: it sent an ambulance to my house. ", "I should have known it would never work out between me and my ex-girlfriend - after all, I'm a Pisces and she's a bitch. ", "I\u2019ve told you a million times not to exaggerate! ", "If you ran like your mouth, you would be in great shape. ", "What's the difference between a good joke and a bad joke timing. ", "The person who proof read Hitler's speeches, was the original grammar Nazi. ", "When I was growing up, my favorite roll model was always the Pillsbury Dough Boy. ", "Playing poker with more than 10 people is a much bigger deal ", "A baseball player walks into a bar and the bartender throws him out. ", "My girlfriend is like a plunger, always bringing up old shit! ", "Man who wants pretty nurse must be patient ", "I saw this wino, he was eating grapes. I was like, \u201cDude, you have to wait.\u201d ", "I don't like my hair cut, but it's starting to grow on me. ", "Breaking: Caitlyn Jenner accuses Bruce Jenner of years of sexual harassment. ", "Just because no one complains, doesn\u2019t mean all parachutes are perfect. ", "Diablo Immortal ", "Is it my imagination, or was music better when ugly people were allowed to make it? ", "If White privilege isn't real, then someone please explain why cocaine has been white for so long ", "I have one girlfriend her name is Manny. ", "Once a man assaulted me with milk, butter, and cheese - how dairy? ", "Receiving oral sex from an ugly person is like rock climbing. You should never look down.", "My doctor wrote me a prescription for dailysex, but my girlfriend insists it's for dyslexia. ", "All dog teeth are canines. ", "If a fire-fighter's business can go up in smoke and a plumber's business can go down the drain, can a hooker get laid off? ", "A sheep walks into a Barrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! ", "I can't remember when I last heard Staind on the radio but it's been awhile. ", "Don't kiss your honey when your nose is runny, you might think it's funny, but it snot. ", "I wanted to be a monk when I grew up, until I realized how dirty their habits are. ", "Confessions at church must be a real pain in the ass for little boys ", "Inside a hot dog factory you never sausage a sight before. ", "Badbye [removed]", "Why is a wife like a hand-grenade? Remove the ring, and BOOM - the house is gone! ", "Police Fitbit measures every step you take. ", "Rental cars are the true All Terrain Vehicles. [deleted]", "I just can't see myself wearing camouflage ", "A skydiver once forgot his parachute; then he came back for it. ", "I was at a loss for words when I dropped my alphabet soup. ", "Did you know Karl Marx's sister Onya invented the starting pistol. ", "I thought I'd been stung on the tongue by a murder hornet while eating sushi, turned out it wasabi ", "Jokes about things not getting old get old. [deleted]", "Corduroy Pillows: They're making head-lines everywhere! Can't remember where I heard this but it makes me chuckle.", "My name is Oedipus, motherfucker! ", "I cannot fathom how deep the ocean is. ", "The passenger couldn't find where his next flight was, but then he made the connection. ", "If you don't like murals, you're not looking at the big picture. [deleted]", "Met Mr Potato Head the other day, He was really rude to me. Some might call him a dictator ", "I used to be shy, but since I've started rock climbing, I feel boulder. ", "My job as a designer of fake aeroplane parts is in false wing. ", "After you left I was the one left. ", "\"You have made a heavy mistake\" said the nurse as she weighed the baby ", "\"Youre single, I'm single, you know what that means ? Nobody wants us.\" ", "Being addicted to cigarettes is a real drag, man. ", "Puberty left me hanging ", "People say I\u2019m condescending, which means I talk down to people. ", "Taxi drivers need to know their place. ", "One thing you\u2019ll never hear a Hindu say\u2026 \u2018Ah well, you only live once. ", "Prince Charles got coronated at last [deleted]", "Telling your partner about your bukkake fetish is one way to end up in a sticky situation ", "I had to take a second job working in the bakery.... I knead the dough. ", "Can a comedian in a wheel chair do stand up comedy? ", "Someone once asked me why I don't cuddle after sex. I said it's because I only have an hour before the coroner comes back from his lunch break. ", "I think they sold me an old parrot, it keeps on saying, \"\u0372\u00ec\u028d\u04bd \u00ec\u0282 \u0105 \u028d\u0585\u0574\u0572\u0567\u0105\u00ec\u0572, \u0584\u00ec\u04bd\u027e\u00e7\u04bd\u056a \u048d\u057e \u028d\u0105\u0572\u057e \u0570\u00ec\u056a\u056a\u04bd\u0572 \u0567\u0574\u0572\u0572\u04bd\u04c0\u0282.\" ", "I decided to stop masturbating and since then I\u2019ve not really felt myself. ", "I can't believe pretzels are knot bread ", "People that dislike deformities can suck my dicks. ", "If good dare not dare devils, then evil can evil. ", "Opinions have assholes, too. ", "If you feel free in your country then you're too boring to cross the line ", "Domestic violence really hits close to home. ", "My boss asked why I was late to work and I told him someone yelled at me to go to hell and I finally found where it was. ", "Went to a meating last week, the place was full of butchers. ", "The principal at my doctorate school is giving me the third degree ", "A watched pot never boils is bullsh*t, I know - I've seen it. ", "I asked my bank teller to check my balance, so she pushed me over [deleted]", "Massive props to the set designer on Ant-Man ", "When they put up the dam, the river started acting weird. ", "The secret to good taste is making sure to brush your tongue. ", "My struggle with steroid addiction has only made me stronger. ", "Eating a clock is time consuming. ", "There are two types of people in the world. Those who need closure and... ", "My wife said she wanted to get 10 inches tonight and to make it hurt; I fucked her 5 times and punched her in the mouth. ", "One day, I hope to write a really clever John Lennon joke, but, you may say I\u2019m a dreamer. ", "I like my women like I like my coffee...to GO. ", "This coffee isn't my cup of tea. ", "Here's a stolen sandwich. Take a bite out of crime. ", "My career as a model is looking great. [deleted]", "Pro-Lifers are really Procreation. ", "A Clown Held The Door Foor Me Today. I Thought It Was A Nice Jester ", "i am fat and my friends make fun of me but i don't care cause i got thick skin ", "Any grapes in the audience? -Meh, they're usually a quiet bunch [removed]", "She thinks I fear commitment but I can't say I do. [deleted]", "When the Mormon was asked in court if he had forced an underage child into marriage, he stated, \"I plead the first\". ", "If Howard Stern was ever murdered, my prime suspect would be video. [deleted]", "My cell phone was sprayed by a skunk and now the service stinks. ", "Infertility runs in my family. [deleted]", "I just blocked a grammar Nazi and it felted so good. ", "Whoever invented the knock knock joke should get a no-bell prize. ", "People who don't have any sense of humour are solemn. ", "Thought my drier was shrinking my clothes!! Turns out, it was my refrigerator. ", "An acorn is an oak, in a nutshell. ", "A haiku is seventeen syllables long, I don't know why that is. ", "I wanted to make some butter in a short amount of time, but it took an echurnity. ", "I\u2019ve successfully grown a field of dildos, but now I have a problem with squatters. ", "Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds pretty awesome if you don't know what either of those things mean. ", "My wife got mad at me because I\u2019m bad with directions so I packed up my stuff and right ", "Men approve of premarital sex until daughters are born. ", "When I was younger I felt like a man trapped inside a woman\u2019s body and then I was born. ", "At least when you are 60 things you buy now won't wear out. ", "I was bitten by a mosquito last night. Bet that little bastard is pretty hung-over today!! [deleted]", "I haven't spoken to my wife for 10 months, I don't like to interrupt her. ", "Jesus is a big advocate of mooning by turning the other butt cheek ", "One way or another, there are probably going to a lot less anti-vaxxers after this Covid-19 ordeal is over. ", "I used to be Jesus until somebody scared the bejesus out of me. ", "I was having a conversation, but they wouldn\u2019t listen, so I slit their throat to get my point across. ", "Cleavage is the only thing that you can look down on and approve of at the same time. ", "if the median IQ is 100, that means half the people are under 100 by definition. ", "I'm so straight I won't even masturbate until my hand gets a sex change ", "I asked my friend a question while he was eating an orange, but all I got was a pithy response. ", "The better a match you are to a job, the dirtier of clothes you can wear to the interview and still get it ", "A screw up can install light bulb ", "Nothing brings the kid out of a women better than an abortion! [deleted]", "Fuck sex ", "The finish line of a marathon is a site for sore thighs. [deleted]", "I couldn\u2019t quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually it came back to me. ", "My girlfriend told me she was leaving me because I keep pretending to be a Transformer, but I said, \"No, wait! I can change!\" ", "How did I escape Iraq? Iran. ", "I'm an archaeologist and my life is in ruins ", "I\u2019m teaching 50 dogs how to play trumpet and drums. Just another bandwaggin ", "There's one \"i\" in \"obvious\". [deleted]", "support your local hooker at his fish restaurant ", "An English to French dictionary should be called a Two-Deux list. ", "When I noticed \u201cHI\u201d in the alphabet, I thought someone was actually going to be my friend, but then, I saw the next two letters. ", "Murder is a victimless crime. There's no victim left. ", "I once swallowed a dictionary and it gave me thesaurus throat I\u2019ve ever had. ", "Water boarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds really great if you don\u2019t know what either of those things are ", "My sense of humor is so dark it's on food stamps ", "This is my best one-liner: ", "Neil Diamond used to be called Neil Coal...until the pressure got to him. ", "Banning Viagra was a big flop. ", "The only thing worse than finding out you're infertile, is telling your wife and kids. [deleted]", "With everyone sitting around doing nothing all day, covid isn't the only curve thats flattening. ", "I'm so bald, you can see what's on my mind. ", "Blackbirds that stick together are Velcrows. ", "When my friend told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down. ", "Pufferfish must be Islamic because they blow themselves up. ", "you cant fire me for thinking Im better than others cuz thats my religious belief ", "Rovie Wade is wrong ", "Don't buy anything at a dry goods store with a leaky roof ", "Corona added \"Quarantine\" to most people's Vocabulary. ", "If I had a grain of salt for every time I took things with a grain of salt, I'd have a lot of things and salt ", "In light of plummeting oil prices, Exxon Mobil plans to lay off several members of Congress. ", "vague ", "I hated hipsters before it was cool. ", "If they advertise something as \"new and improved\" don't buy it, they're lying. ", "Sad news. I've just heard that the bloke who invented predictive text has pissed away. His funfair is next monkey. ", "I tried drag racing the other day, but it's really hard trying to run in those heels. ", "My midget butcher folded under the preassure of getting me some beef from the top shelf, the steaks were too high ", "Am I missing a trick or are magicians overrated? ", "The best way to help an astronaut to sleep is to rocket. ", "The broom having a bad day because he didn\u2019t get enough sweep. ", "I was told that to lose weight I should start doing hot yogurt. At least that's what I thought I heard, apparently yogurt sounds the same as yogurt. ", "A contortionist in the Philippines would be a Manila folder. ", "I used to be a banker, but I lost interest. ", "Working as a janitor at a pet hospital comes with a handful of duties. ", "I got fired from my job as a baker... Guess I'll have to find another way to make dough. ", "Vote up if you like violating the intergalactic law [deleted]", "I used to be in a band called Missing Cat... you\u2019ve probably seen our posters. ", "The closest I ever got to a 4.0 in High School was my blood alcohol content. ", "After the lawyer flushed the toilet, it went to the suer. ", "Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got, I'm still, I'm still homeless and addicted to heroin. ", "Man gives woman a huge diamond then she sexes him then he robs the diamond back then she says rape ", "Coronavirus originally passed from bat to man and now it's passed to Batman. ", "Since getting married my only pastime is mourning sex. ", "A feeding tube is the final straw for a lot of relationships. ", "I recently completed research on head injuries and in contusion I\u2019d like to report my findings. ", "I'm pretty sober, but I'm even prettier when you're drunk. ", "[FREE_JOIN] 100% Free_Sex_D\u0430ting_Website [removed]", "I'd like to tell you a joke now, but you'd only laugh. ", "This Congress couldn't pass a sandwich across a table. ", "Double standard, if a woman sleeps with 10 men they call her a slut, if a man does the same thing he's gay, definitely gay. ", "If a cobbler gets laid off do they get the boot? ", "Procrastination is a dish best served eventually. ", "The doctor told us that my father hadn't made it, but it was the undertaker that really put the nail in the coffin. ", "Selling your soul to the Devil is one hell of a deal. ", "I know a guy who used sell primates for a living, but the government put a stop to his monkey business ", "Only 2 kinds of people shop at the dollar store: trashy people and me. ", "You're imcomparable, like a... \\- Bo Burnham", "Shoes provide soles for your feet. ", "Ladies!! If a man is willing to give you the Moon and the Stars, you should be willing to sacrifice Uranus. ", "Hey baby, did you ever have your asshole licked by a fatman in an overcoat? ", "The biggest downside to being short is that I can't always tell whether I have strep throat, or if my hemorrhoids are acting up. ", "I want to stop procrastinating, but not now, maybe later. ", "My nuts were shot off in the Battle of Midway. ", "Last weekend we went to a very emotional wedding, even the cake was in tiers. ", "I knew you had a low IQ because you took one of those Facebook test to tell you your IQ. ", "When I die, I want to go out like my grandfather; peacefully and quietly in his sleep. Not screaming and panicking like the other people in the car. [removed]", "Everything is in your head, if you think about it. ", "Cinderella made it most of the way to the balll, but she choked. ", "As his son left for school, the buffalo yelled out, \"Bison!\" ", "Statues made of red liquid from humans are bloody impressive. ", "The invention of the shovel was groundbreaking. ", "If the job was done well tell your friends, and if it wasn\u2019t tell me. Said by the gentlemen who repaired our lawnmower and snowblower this week.", "I pin magnets to my corkboard. [deleted]", "People are constantly asking me if I\u2019m good, but I know they mean well. ", "I thought I had road rage but it turns out I'm just an angry drunk. ", "My mate David has his ID stolen so now I call him Dav ", "Hey bartender, I had a shitty day and need a little fuck me up. ", "A bombing happened in a clothes store. Needless to say, there were many casual tees. ", "Does the name 'Quasimodo' ring a bell? ", "Book Man:\"Have you got that book about telling people your gay?\"\n\nLibrarian:\"Not out yet\"\n\nMan:\"That's the one!", "outside of work most people live by it doesnt matter what you say as long as you enjoy moving your mouth ", "Pregnancy kits - sometimes they're most useful when they're useless. ", "I used to work at a cat shelter but I had to quit because they reduced meowers. ", "I donate my fluids for money - namely urine, which is extracted from the bend in my arm; most people don't know it but that's where their bladder is (squishing noises). ", "60% of my jokes are funny 100% of the time. ", "I'm so brave, I just watched someone eat the hottest chili in the world. ", "I love watching Duck Dynasty and playing \"Spot the next president.\" ", "I was made to walk the plank as a child. We couldn't afford a dog. ", "Police can do a search if it's warranted. ", "Two blondes walk into a bar, the redhead ducks... ", "A good limbo dancer lowers the bar for everyone else. ", "I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think I may have grater problems. ", "I'd rather kill myself than commit suicide ", "never date a girl with a lazy eye, she will be seeing someone else the whole time ", "If I had a $1 for every failed maths exam, I'd have $3.45. ", "If you are joining a new bank bring money with you and make sure you take that into account. ", "They say sky diving is so dangerous, 1 in 5 people don't even hit the ground. ", "Ate a clock today, it was very time consuming. ", "To celebrate Weird Al Yankovic\u2019s birth, I will sing him Happy Burp-day. ", "Subway VS Car??? [removed]", "Be careful not to ask a wizard to make you a sandwich! ", "If women ruled the world, there would be no wars, just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other. ", "My friend says I\u2019m self-absorbed, so I took a long, hard look at myself... Beautiful. ", "Give them a foot and they'll take a leg. ", "Don't knock masturbation - it's sex with someone I love \\- Woody Allen", "I wanted to wear something holy to church last week, so I wore my fishnet shirt. ", "Dear Vegetarian's, If you love animals so much, why are you eating all their food ? ", "If you want to make it as a self-portrait painter it's very important that you sell yourself. ", "I saw that show, 50 Things To Do Before You Die. I would have thought the obvious one was \"Shout For Help!\" ", "Don\u2019t you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do. ", "Freddy Krueger is so dreamy! ", "Last night my wife and I had a candle lit dinner so it was under-cooked. ", "The best thing about escalators is if they break, they merely become stairs. ", "There is no job so simple that it cannot be done wrnog. ", "So how many people came here for the naked puppet play, show of hands? ", "Sperm Bank staff be like \"Get a load of this guy.\" ", "A baby seal walks in to a club ", "The devil was in heaven then went down to georgia ", "I act nice cuz I'm an actor ", "I bet people with two dads are really good at catch ", "We used to cough to hide a fart, these days we fart to hide a cough! ", "How babies learn to walk is staggering. ", "Quitting your job after having a baby should be called Eternity Leave. ", "It's proving very difficult to find a shop selling, \"Left Guard\" for my other armpit. ", "As the dog sat watching the orchestra, he stared at the conductor and thought, \"Just throw the fucking thing!\" ", "I think that when Barnum and Bailey\u2019s circus closed, all the clowns got in their car, and went to Washington DC to get new jobs. ", "The geologist finally had enough and quit--no more Mr. Gneiss Guy. ", "When mechanics die It's heart-wrenching...", "Whenever I think about wanting peace in the world I\u2019m mostly thinking of my neighbor\u2019s bad relationship. ", "Replacing car wheels gets pretty tiring ", "I was struck by lightning the other day but at least the atmosphere was electric ", "I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day. ", "People are complaining about this invisible magazine, but I don\u2019t see the issue. ", "This day will long be remembered as one of the least memorable days in history. ", "I used to be in a band called The Hinges before we collaborated with The Handles to form The Doors ", "You can stay free if you don't want to parent. ", "When my father said he had a \"dad bod\" I laughed and said \"No, it's more like a \"father figure!\" ", "My friend Jay recently had twin girls and wanted to name them after him, so I suggested Kaye and Elle. ", "What can I say, I'm a sucker for pacifier puns. [deleted]", "The most accurate fortune cookie would say \"You're about to eat two halves of a fortune cookie.\" ", "My friend drowned in a half-empty bath tub yesterday and yet, he was normally so optimistic. ", "with how many people hate each celebrity they should all be swarmed with ghosts haunting them ", "You can lead a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead. ", "Hard-boiled eggs are a food you half to eat. ", "Never been a fan of lollipop ladies, they make me cross. ", "My friend died doing what he loved \u2026 Heroin. ", "Hooters, but instead of skimpy outfits, they have good food ", "I got so drunk the beer was drinking me ", "At this point, insulting PETA is just beating a dead horse. ", "Whenever life seems to go by too fast, just go to any museum, problem solved. [deleted]", "I have been reading the thesaurus lately, because the mind is a terrible thing to garbage. ", "I doubt scientists like dubstep, none of them like to drop the base. .", "Someone stole all the toilet seats from the police station. Cops have nothing to go on. ", "PBA disorder is no laughing matter! ", "I keep meaning to tell my wife about my ED, but it just never comes up. ", "Say what you want about deaf people... ", "The guy who wrote \"What Is Love\" really Haddaway with words. ", "Donald Trump Resigns! Claims he just couldn't hack it. ", "I recently swapped my bed for a trampoline. Wife hit the roof. ", "After inviting my date to the gym and not going, I wonder if she realized that we weren't working out. ", "Justice is- A rapist who gets an erectile dysfunction ", "Free refills but bigger cups cost more is paying people to exercise in more trips to refill ", "I went to the men's asylum at the nudist colony and I gotta tell you, they're all nuts. ", "In laughter the 'L' comes first, the rest of the letters comes aughter it. ", "Why not try being minimalist, I mean, it's the least you can do... ", "She was only a prostitute. But she had the nicest face I ever came across. From master comedian G. Carlin.", "The only time I'd want to be surrounded is if I was a nipple clamp. [deleted]", "People say I act like I don't care, but it's not an act. ", "There's no way I can take Donald Trump seriously, I think he's just Putin us on. ", "If I objectify and beat my girlfriend, is it substance abuse? [deleted]", "The European debt crisis is so confusing, it's like Greek to me. ", "Dear Autocorrect, Absolutely no one uses the word 'ducking' absolutely no one. ", "I'm pretty sure that alcohol store is haunted, their sign says they have spirits. ", "Imagine the Titanic with a lisp.... It's unthinkable.\ud83d\udea2 ", "Stairs may look down to earth, but they're always up to something. ", "I got lost in a corn maze and spent the rest of the day waking around in crop circles. ", "To termites, a group of dead trees is an arbor eat'um. ", "Carl Otis Lutz ", "I would never pee on a tree but a dogwood. bud dum tissss ", "All 5 love languages can be spoken by just simply making a cake with \"I love you\" written on it, eating a slice with your partner, and then banging. ", "You\u2019re too judgmental. I wasn\u2019t sure it belonged here but it is one line &amp; irony is a form of comedy, so I thought I\u2019d see how you like it.", "Drivers who speed in the snow often find themselves adrift. ", "My ex came crawling back to me, probably because I stole his wheelchair. ", "prASSident tRUMP is a BUM [removed]", "If you run in front of a car you'll get tired...But if you run behind the car you'll get exhausted ", "Men kneel whilst proposing, because they are talking to the pussy !! ", "He asked me where I wanted to have a piercing, and I completely forgot, it was at the tip of my tongue. ", "To the man on crutches, dressed in camouflage, who stole my wallet - you can hide, but you can't run. ", "What the fuck do you mean I take criticism badly? ", "When I told the doctor about my loss of memory, he made me pay in advance. ", "Hooked up with a girl who was into burning wax onto me, I\u2019m still scarred :( ", "2 guys walk into a bar, and the 3rd one ducks. [deleted]", "As a blind man I say enough is enough with this joke on us that some people have black skin ", "I always thought it was the dryer that made my jeans shrink. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along... ", "I spent too much time at the coffee shop and I was latte for work. ", "Opinions People matter, but their opinions do not have to matter to you.", "My wife was gangraped by a group of mimes... They did unspeakable things to her. ", "Said \u201cHey Alexa\u201d to Siri, she\u2019s giving me the silent treatment ", "I want to go to IKEA, hide in a wardrobe, and when someone opens it, say, \u201cWelcome to Narnia!\u201d ", "There aren't many right ambidextrous people left. ", "Today\u2026 I did seven press ups: not in a row. ", "I like to consider myself to be a thoughtful person, but I try not to think about it. ", "Kid wanted to open a can with his toy sword but it was only hokey pokey ", "I'll never assume I won't do something. ", "What if trapped wind suffers from claustrophobia which is why it wants to come out so bad? ", "Skin Irritation is just visible confusion. ", "Stamp-collecting will get you nowhere. ", "I ground up some chalk to soften the blow. ", "I snort artificial sweeteners. Or Diet Coke as I call it. ", "Roses are red, Cocaine is white. Guess who's staying up all night,? ", "I was so glad to see the back of my ex girlfriend, she would only have sex doggy-style! ", "CPR - the human equivalent of CTRL ALT DELETE ", "Advice from a professional counterfeiter to his apprentice: Make it till you fake it ", "Mama says people on Meth are furious cos they get all them food stamps, but no teeth to eat with... ", "A priest is similar to a Christmas tree in that their balls are just for decoration. ", "A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop. ", "My gf said; im pretty sure gambling is bad fo you - I said; wanna bet? ", "I backed a horse named Creosote today, amazing over fences ", "I prefer the 68 over the 69, that way I owe her one for next time ", "I don\u2019t know if I should make a joke about gambling. It\u2019s risky, but I\u2019ll take a chance. [deleted]", "I can't stop correcting my mother's grammar. I think I have an editist complex. .", "Mushmouth didn't really talk like that, Cosby fed him ludes. Bippity Boppity Boo. ", "I bought an expensive ruler, just for good measure. ", "I have seen many thieves in my life but this one takes the cake. ", "When I won the Embarrassing Bodies competition a huge smile formed on my back ", "Does anyone know if Trump will be tried as an adult? ", "The inventor of the thesaurus used the words \"not good\" to describe my personality, and quite frankly, he should know better. ", "During pride month, does Pennsylvania become Transylvania? ", "I took a crash course on airplane flying. [deleted]", "I have such bad memory I was gonna make a joke about it and I lost my train of thought ", "I was writing a letter with invisible ink, but I didn\u2019t realize I ran out. ", "I had planned on telling you guys the do\u2019s and dont\u2019s of anal sex, but fuck it. ", "With god as my witness I will get away with this murder ", "Learning how to collect rocks wasn't that hard, I just picked it up as I went along. ", "I wrote a long thesis on Japanese Bushido in the Edo Period, it's very long but I could Samuraize it if you want. ", "Someone has stolen my Microsoft Office and they are going to pay for it, you have my Word. ", "Well...Well....Well...Welcome to stutters anonymous. ", "Big hair was so popular in the 80s because hairdressers gave a volume discount. ", "The suicidal cow lived and sued the slaughterhouse for malpractice ", "There will be no dictatorships because I said so ", "I've decided to kill off a few characters in this book I'm writing. It's going to be a very interesting autobiography. ", "The landscaper thought gardening magazines were fun to leaf through. ", "Whats worse than a doctor saying you have genital warts? A dentist telling you. ", "This year, brought to you by Twentytwentin Quarantino! ", "My dentist gave me a cavity search, and after that he started looking for stuff in my butt. ", "Like a pediatrician, I have little patience. ", "Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff, ba dum tss ", "Living in a country with socialized medicine is great, but when my wife was pregnant, we had to wait 9 months to get a delivery room at the hospital. ", "A mime once said to me: [deleted]", "Just been given a job as Senior Director of Old McDonald's farm..... I am their new CIEIO. ", "If you're ever attacked by a mob of clowns, go for the juggler. ", "Not a one liner but still funny Sex with 3 people is called a threesome. Sex with 2 people is a twosome. So next time someone calls you handsome, do NOT take it as a compliment", "Three Nazis walk into a bar ", "What?!? You\u2019re from Turks AND Caicos ", "I might as well have come to this party dressed as a stripper's pole, because the pussy is all over me. ", "Driving with one headlight isn't very bright. ", "In a fit of irony, he had to suck it up and buy a wider pair of pants. ", "Everyone at the meeting said they weren't really feeling the holographic braille concept ", "Put the lettuce in the glass display case. That romaines to be seen. ", "If Spider-Man had a disease where his hands and arms wouldn't stop shaking, would he be called Peter Parkinson's? ", "The high school music teacher was quite controversial, because he told his students to read band books. ", "I'm terrified of elevators so I started taking steps to avoid them! ", "how *do* you pierce brosnan? ", "I never make the same mistake twice, I make it 5 or 6 times just to be sure. ", "Any pants can be tearaways if you\u2019re strong enough. ", "You might say a classification of felines is a category. ", "The doctor gave me 6 months to live. I told him I couldn't pay my bill, he gave me another 6 months ", "If I see a spider in my house, I put a mirror in front of it to see if we're on the same page. ", "The wife said stop singing oasis lyrics or I\u2019m leaving. I said maybe ", "Movie bomb squads always have that one exhausted guy who has to work around the clock. ", "javascript:void(0) ", "I said to the Japanese waiter. \"Bring me 14 types of rice wine and don't get all saki\" ", "If it wasn't for Hershery I would get no hugs or kisses. ", "Body image is a big, fat, ugly problem. [deleted]", "In Silence Of The Lambs, when Buffalo Bill told the girl in the pit that he was going to make a suit from her skin, I like to think she said \"are you putting me on?\" ", "Duck autocorrect ", "Cornflakes used to be my favorite cereal, but the last time I had a bowl my brother came downstairs and asked me if I'd seen his scab collection anywhere. ", "People who drop out of school have no principals or class. ", "I used to think of myself as a great swimmer, but then I went in the ocean and got schooled by a bunch of fish. ", "Insults are effective only when emotion is present. ", "Only kids who survive past birth will remember ", "The Dancing Raisins were the sultanas of swing. ", "A snake that's 3.14 metres long is called a Pi-thon. ", "I ate four cans of alphabet soup and just had the biggest vowel movement ever. ", "I can't get to the bottom of why my wife does not like anal sex. ", "My neighbors listen to good music, whether they like it or not. ", "I had to put my grades up for adoption because I couldn't raise them. ", "long time no kiss, how sad. ", "I asked my blonde girlfriend how she survived the zombie apocalypse. She said \"All I did was stand still while they went after the people who had brains!\" [removed]", "stealing is wrong so thats why to threaten people until they give it to you as a gift ", "I think Adam Levine lives in Jefferson City, why else would he sing that he's in Missouri? ", "Had lunch at IKEA and then I had to assemble my stool! ", "I never takes rocks and minerals for Granite ", "I'm against gay marriage cuz I'm against all marriage ", "Thank god my doctor didn\u2019t say anything about my hearing. ", "The sinking of the Titanic was a miracle to the lobsters in the ship's kitchen. ", "I read my favorite bible verse everyday, Lunch 11:35 ", "Ambassadors never get sick because they have diplomatic immunity. ", "Clouds are just sheep in the skies. ", "Grindr isn't an app for ordering hot meatball sandwiches, but it did help me find a sub ", "What kind of Tea do satanists prefer? Herbaal.", "My wife asked me to hand her some lip gloss earlier, but I mistakenly gave her Super Glue; she hasn't spoken to me since. [deleted]", "My wife left, I just don\u2019t think that\u2019s right. ", "What's the rudest type of elf?....GoFuckyoursElf ", "I completely ignore Freudian slips. It goes in one ear and out the mother. ", "Thanks to the Higgs Boson, everything is a matter not to be taken lightly. Thanks to the Higgs Boson, everything is a matter not to be taken lightly.", "Do you really think it's a coincidence that everyone who gets correlation vs causation wrong eventually ends up dead? ", "I am 6 feet and 10 inches. Those are two different measurements BTW ", "Waking up is the second hardest thing in the morning ", "2 deer walk out of a gay bar. One turns to the other and says, \"I can't believe I just blew 30 bucks in there!\" ", "If my wife asked me for a double entendre, I'd give it to her. ", "If laziness was an Olympic sport, I'd probably come in fourth so I wouldn't need to walk up to the podium. ", "Hemorrhoids - what a bloody pain in the arse! ", "I've got 5g in my bathroom, not the internet but a spinning toilet with that much G-force to get the poop out fast ", "Single ply toilet paper is so bad I won't even wipe my ass with it. ", "My friend recently got crushed by a pile of books, but he\u2019s only got his shelf to blame. ", "The only lit thing about birthday parties are the candles on the cake. ", "The most difficult part about going vegan was quitting cold turkey. ", "I'm hosting a benefit concert for people who struggle to achieve orgasm. So if you can't come, let me know. ", "A dominatrix walks into a Quizno's and asks where the 12 inch subs are. ", "I can't stand being in a wheelchair. ", "Cheezits twice swearing while hungry", "I couldn't open the bathroom door, so now I'm pissed. ", "Accordion to a recent survey, replacing words with the names of musical instruments in a sentence, often goes undetected. ", "I went to the barbers and asked for a short cut. He said, I suggest taking the M1 ", "If I do end up perfecting human cloning, I will be besides myself! ", "I hurt my back hauling this huge package. Let me tell you, being a mailman.. it's hard. ", "You guys hear about the man that got arrested for trying to make something while driving? Yeah, they got him on a DIY.", "The man who farts in church sits in his own pew. ", "I began to think this preacher was a little suspect when I asked the first words in the Bible, he said \u201cThis book has been placed here by the Gideon\u2019s, do not remove\u201d ", "I wanted to make a joke about Alzheimer's but I forgot it ", "You haven't been yourself lately. We've all noticed the improvement. [deleted]", "A pirate walks into a bar and it was at that moment that he realized that his patch was on the wrong eye. ", "\"Bitch please... If dicks could fly, your mouth would be an airport. \" ", "The Corona virus took \"new year, new me\" far too seriously ", "I'd give my left nut to be a woman. ", "They say that semen contains about 1.6 terabytes worth of information. I find that hard to swallow. ", "You've got to hand it to blind prostitutes ", "The guy who was cut off at the ankles felt pretty defeeted. ", "Muslim girls be so fine then boom ", "Maybe Hitler wouldn\u2019t have been so grumpy if people hadn\u2019t left him hanging for high fives all the time. ", "For most things in life it's three strikes and you're out. Except bowling. ", "If I don\u2019t perfect human cloning, I won\u2019t be able to live with myself. ", "I'm addicted to prescription glasses [deleted]", "Statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarves are not happy. ", "I flunked out of school because I kept giving my housework to the teacher. ", "I bet Sean Connery has a hard time teaching his dog to sit. ", "A jury of my peers found that you did not just ask me that question [deleted]", "In my dream I was attending a funeral, and suddenly this casket spoke up and asked the casket next to it, \"Is that you coffin?\" ", "You don\u2019t need a parachute to go skydiving. You need a parachute to go skydiving twice. ", "During Vietnam I was stationed in Poontang, crawled my way out through blood to get out. ", "privacy is the root of all evil, but isnt evil great ", "A grenade fell onto a kitchen floor in France and resulted in Linoleum Blownapart. ", "The problem with arguing with yourself is that you are not sure which side should walk away. ", "As much as I'd like to, I don't beat around the bush ", "Why spend 600 dollars on a Dyson, its basically a product that sucks. ", "Every vessel in the naval fleet of Sweden is barcoded and when the ships return to port they Scandinavian ", "I just interviewed a guy who used to work at Chernobyl. He came with a Glowing reference. ", "The universe is made of 4 things, protons, electrons, neutrons and morons ", "It was impossible to get a conversation going, everyone was talking too much *-* Yogi Berra", "Reddit goes down more than my auntie at New Years ", "I lost my welcome matt, But its okay I keep an extra one under my keys", "he was trying to get a point across but the speaker was always missing ", "Get great deals on religious men for Cyber Monkday. ", "The smoking fetishist got off on a lighter sentence. ", "First thing tomorrow I am going to put an end to my procrastination. ", "Thank you, thank you all! I've had some requests tonight... But I'm gonna keep singin anyways!", "If I listen to the radio while I exercise, does that make me radioactive? ", "These days, men only have their wives dress up as nurses in the bedroom to pretend that they have health insurance ", "Sex is like golf, you don't have to be good at it to have a good time. ", "I want to get a sex change, to be frank. [deleted]", "2020 ", "I am god half mighty ", "Tell me why you've taken a vow of silence. ", "I met Medusa once... She completely objectified me. ", "The topic of perturbation makes many astronomers anxious. ", "When you try to make an impression, the chances are *that* is the impression you will make. [removed]", "Misogyny is when men talk about women the same way women talk about other women. ", "When my wife asked me when I first knew she was a keeper, I told her it was pretty obvious after stopping by to watch her soccer game. ", "I accidentally spilled glitter on my crotch... Pretty nuts if I do say so myself. ", "When a chunk of cheese is having its picture taken does the photographer tell it to say \"human\"? ", "When someone tells me I look familiar, I tell them, \"I do porn.\" ", "I've been wearing surgical gloves because of Covid-19, and now I don't feel very well. ", "You may not be the dumbest person on Earth, but you better hope he doesn't die. ", "After a fist fight broke out amongst my jurors the prosecutor accused me of inciting violence. ", "My teacher married his high school sweetheart, and it ruined his teaching career. [deleted]", "I couldn\u2019t repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder. ", "Recently I was at a store walking down the flash drives and hard drives section, I have to say, it was quite a walk down the memory lane. ", "I made a huge to do list for today. I just can't figure out who's going to do it. ", "I\u2019ve started a business where I weigh tiny objects, nothing fancy mind you, just a small scale operation. ", "Dat female deer doe [deleted]", "Lets celebrate that you and I didnt kill any babies cuz April 19 is Passover celebrating that God didnt kill certain Egyptian babies despite killing others ", "the phrase \"going commando\" almost makes me want to join the army naked ", "Trying to cook noodles with the powers of the mind isn\u2019t just silly, it\u2019s also impastable. ", "I have a chicken proof lawn...it's impeccable. ", "I bought my wife a rabbit vibrator, it tried to eat my carrot. ", "I like my mixed metaphors till the cow turns blue. ", "I used to think chiropractors were a waste of money but I stand corrected. ", "I want to be a millionaire just like my dad, he also wants to be a millionaire. ", "I'm going for my HIV test tomorrow, feeling pretty positive. ", "I'm never more nervous than when I insist we are out of something and my wife goes to look for herself. ", "If you had wings, would you be a special at KFC? ", "A house is just a place to keep your stuff while you go out and get more stuff. [deleted]", "I'm such a virgin that even flipping a coin won't give me head. ", "Met a guy on Tinder named Richard, nice guy but every photo was a Dick pic. ", "I once met a woman with twelve breasts. Sounds a bit odd, dozen tit. ", "\"You mustn't eat before swimming\" doesn't really apply to aquatic animals. ", "Why did the bike fall over? Because it was two tired ", "If the earth was really flat, cats would have pushed everything off of it by now. ", "Brains are the power we hold over monkeys that we control most of the banana farms [deleted]", "If talk is cheap, then why is my lawyer charging so much? ", "To everybody who doesn\u2019t have a date on Valentine\u2019s Day, you also didn\u2019t have a job on Labor Day or a father on Father\u2019s Day. ", "I was hoping you would not be the nicest person I ever met, I just haven't met anyone else yet. ", "Salad is not food, because when I eat salad my dog doesn't pay attention to me. ", "People who use the word \"onomatopoeia\" make me go zzzzzzzzzzzz. ", "Who called it water breaking and not push notification? [deleted]", "When my date said she wouldn't date anyone that was colourblind that was a massive green flag. ", "Shout out to the people who don't know what \"in\" means. ", "It's true, I really dislike dried grapes, but that doesn't make me a Raisinist. [deleted]", "To neutralize a negative man is a positive change ", "Rings Starr\u2019s recent knighthood was quite a sir prize. [deleted]", "Nothing is worn underneath my kilt, it\u2019s all in perfect working order. ", "There's a new Ted Talk about procrastination, I've been meaning to watch it for a while now. ", "People like to talk smack about American politicians, but the truth is, we have the politicians that money can buy. ", "I've recently taken up meditation..... Beats sitting around, doing fuck all. ", "If anyone needs copies of osteopath monthly, I have back issues. ", "What do you call a black dog? [removed]", "Hard to tell if people are interested in joining my Sarcasm Club or not\u2026 ", "I always find it crazy how it only takes 5 mins to walk to the pub, but 45 mins to walk home. The difference is staggering. ", "My therapist told me to just be myself and now I feel way out of place at this costume party. ", "I partied with my life coach last night, but by midnight he was concerned that I was missing 100% of the shots I DID take. ", "Praising deadbeat thugs for Father's Day is like saying Happy Mother's Day to a hoe who just had an abortion ", "I can still remember my mother tucking me in when I was little, she must have really wanted a girl. ", "Cowboys don't roll joints, they tumble weed. ", "I suspect that my knitting wife is texting other men, but unfortunately she has several pins on her phone. ", "It's better to be a worldwide alcoholic, than an Alcoholic Anonymous. ", "My keyboard is missing some kegs, but I can\u2019t place my fingers on which ones. ", "I'm not at a place in my life where I can get into Game of Thrones. ", "Disney owns Star Wars, Marvel, Indiana Jones, Disney World, The Simpsons and if they acquire my parent\u2019s divorce, they will own my entire childhood. ", "Bad Baby and Good Baby Mcdonals HAPPY MEAL vs SURPRISE MEAL! Funny Kids [removed]", "Did you hear about the homosexual bear that laid his paw on the table? ", "When you cross Captain America with the Incredible Hulk, you get a star-spangled Banner. ", "I cannot see the word Cosplay without thinking someones getting roofied. Cos that's the way he rolls", "I\u2019m not gonna lie, I\u2019m pretty good at telling the truth. ", "My girlfriend told me that she loves when I blow air on her when shes hot but honestly, I\u2019m not a fan. ", "Here\u2019s another question I have. How come when it\u2019s us, it\u2019s an abortion, and when it\u2019s a chicken, it\u2019s an omelette? [deleted]", "I like to think that every room in my house is a living room. ", "Whoever put the b in subtle really knows what they're doing ", "My girlfriend is like a unicorn. Horny but non existent. \ud83e\udd84 ", "Mom is getting the same thing for Mother\u2019s Day she got last year, disappointment ", "Putting pickles in potato salad is the surefire, Vlasic way of Claussen an argument. ", "I have a mental disorder that makes everything I say sound mysterious, or do I? ", "My brother ate a Rolex ...I told him watch his mouth ", "The terms \"cattle,\" \"beef,\" and \"udder\" are always afraid of everything - because they're just a bunch of cow words. ", "The first time I had sex was in the rear of a greyhound; the bus was empty except for me and the driver...and the dog. ", "If my wife made a dollar for every sexist joke I make, she'd be $0.77 richer right now. ", "I don't do any more drugs...I don't do any less drugs either. ", "With enough money you become immortal as you can't be killed, but can be assassinated ", "Driving is like sex; Everybody thinks they are good at it. ", "If you don't believe in horses, does that make you a neightheist? ", "Those \"women belong in the kitchen\" jokes, I find them disgusting and unnecessary. If they must be in the kitchen, who the fuck will clean the living room?! ", "They say a picture is worth a thousand words, but if your word ain't worth a dime, that puts an upper bound on your picture of $100. ", "I just really want a girl with Stockholm syndrome ", "They say long distance relationships never work but I've been calling my girlfriend every day since she filed that restraining order. [deleted]", "In my experience, nude models are always overdrawn. [deleted]", "It's not OK to make jokes about people that try to define humour. ", "The digital clock said to the grandfather clock, \"Look Grandpa, no hands!\" ", "This chair just doesn't sit right with me. ", "I only drink three times a week - before work, during work and after work. [deleted]", "I'm like the fabric version of King Midas, because everything I touch, becomes felt. ", "I made a chicken salad today but the ungrateful pecker didn\u2019t even eat it! ", "I have news for you eavesdroppers, listen carefully. ", "What's the difference between Kentucky and China? In China they ride in Smart Cars. In Kentucky, they ride their cousins. ", "It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do ", "I used to go camping, past tents. ", "I went to a RV park, but when I saw that there was no outlet, I cried. ", "If you don't believe in oral sex, keep your mouth shut. ", "Clandestine electronic eavesdropping really bugs me. ", "I'm pretty good at looking through telescopes; I can do it with one eye closed. ", "Save the rain, Forest. ", "Maybe if we all emailed the constitution to each other, the NSA will finally read it. ", "What do you get when you combine a rhetorical question and a joke? [deleted]", "You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish. ", "A fly landed on my wife's make-up It then  landed on me. I guess you could say there was a pretty fly on a white guy.", "Knock knock Mike who? My kinda town Chicago is.... ", "My favorite expression is saying \u2018potato, potato\u2019 over text [deleted]", "I\u2019ve never seen a juice box, but I hear they pack a punch. ", "Can circumcisions be carried out at any age or is their a cut-off date? ", "Nudists must find it very difficult to clean their glasses. ", "Being a gay virgin feels like an asshole that has never taken a shit ", "Not everyone thinks they need a photographer, but those that do get the picture. ", "Listened to Delilah by Tom Jones for the first time ever today. Turned it off after 30 seconds. I just couldn't take anymore. ", "I met the Godfather of the Scottish mafia earlier...he made me an offer I couldn\u2019t understand. ", "I have a black belt and argyle socks. ", "I didn't want to study utilitarianism but the teacher made me. ", "Old Jeeps give me the Willys. ", "I've made a complete 180 and got into a pretty bad car accident. ", "As a kid, I never understood Samuel L Jackson's obsession with melon farming. ", "The Crash Test Dummies were one-hit wonders. ", "My date with the psychic didn't go well because she didn't see a future with me. ", "I gave you life, but I don't have a life. ", "Rumour has it I'm a gossip. ", "I hate when people say rhetorical questions, I mean, what's the point? ", "There's a handful of bones in your hand ", "There is nothing wrong with kissing a Nun, just don't get into the habit ", "Someone complimented me on my driving by leaving a note under my wiper which said \"Parking Fine\" ", "I'm terribly proud of my ballsack and love to show it off.....Some people think I'm egotesticle. ", "My neighbor and I decided to share our water supply. We got a long well. ", "A cat with 16 lives was crossing the street when a 4x4 hit it and killed it. ", "Whoever said \"Laughter is the best medicine\" clearly hasn't tried curing diarrohea with a tickle fight. ", "I got dangerously loaded on ACID and thought, \u201cit should be illegal to be this high.\u201d ", "if you type google.com/r/maps instead of google.com/maps you may be a redditor. ", "I'll never forget the day my doctor told me I have Alzheimer's. ", "All information circulars are rectangular. ", "I killed the entire glove industry with my bare hands ", "I'm not a really big fan of profanity, I guess you could say I'm antifanity ", "Socialism jokes are only funny if everybody gets them. ", "Police are working tirelessly to catch the criminal who keeps stealing the wheels from their police cars. ", "I was feeling philosophical at the bar last night, so I ended the night deep in THOT. ", "Here's my take on people that get easily offended by jokes: fuck you, cunt! ", "I am a man of few words. ", "To be frank, I'd have to change my name. ..", "My girlfriend told me to go out and get something that makes her look sexy... so I got drunk. ", "I have a hard time believing Harvey Fierstein assaulted all those women. ", "My friend said that I was very condescending, but they probably don't even know what that word means. ", "Crickets are the harshest critics. ", "If I ever find out the name of the surgeon that screwed up my limb transplant, I'll kill him with my bear hands! ", "I wrote a play about a man dying of cancer. On the final page of the script, just as he's dying, it reads \"Exit Stage 4\" ", "You really gotta hand it to short people for being so down to earth. ", "I\u2019ve been told I second guess myself too much [deleted]", "Those who get too big for their pants will be exposed in the end. ", "My surgeon asked me if he should operate my tumour, I told him it was a no brainer ", "Such is the unwritten rule! ", "If the world is just a figment of my imagination then I\u2019ve invented a lot of cool shit and I should be a billionaire. ", "Two friends walked into a bar, but I ducked ", "There are 2 types of people in this world...... I try to avoid both. ", "A man asks a trainer in the gym: \u201cI want 2 impress that beautiful girl, which machine I can use?\u201d Trainer replies: \u201cUse the ATM\u201d ", "You, too, can have a body like mine... if you're not careful ", "Its ok to think how fortunate your future will be comes from cookies but think it comes from cakes and youre nuts ", "My Dad used to say 'always fight fire with fire', which is probably why he got thrown out of the fire brigade. -Peter Kay", "Pavlov's dog drooled as he was tolled. ", "Getting a vacuum cleaner for Christmas would suck. ", "It might be just my opinion, but its a FACT that its my opinion, and you cant argue with FACTS ", "Today while on the toilet, the tp holder sprang off its holder. It really startled me and I totally shit myself. Right place, right time. It's a true story.", "Jehovah's Witnesses don't celebrate Halloween. I guess they don't appreciate random people coming up to their door. ", "Inner Ear function - I don't know where I stand on it ", "Hijack peoples minds on an airplane with ads ", "I was invited to a nudist wedding last winter, but the bride got cold feet. ", "My dad always used to say to me that the best part of fighting is the make-up sex, which probably explains his short-lived career as a boxer. ", "I added one to a binary number It totally flipped its bit!", "I've finally got it: my New Year's Resolution is to be more divisive... I mean decisive... I don't know which one. ", "My friend is a structural engineer and he\u2019s always complaining about stress at work. ", "I knew I was going to fail my maths test when I entered the classroom, so I did a 360 and left. ", "Timmy! Stop confusing people by putting question marks at the end of sentences?! ", "I was in love with a tennis player, but it meant nothing to her. ", "People that trust the police are pig-ignorant. ", "Love is like a fart. If you have to force it it's probably shit. [deleted]", "Before he got married Boas was the most ruthless man in the bible. ", "Some people will lie about knowing someone famous. At least that is what my close personal friend Steve Martin told me. ", "A desserter abandoned his diet ", "\"Good Morning America....What are you going to be offended by today?\" ", "I only know 25 letters of the alphabet; I don't know why. ", "I am not a foodie but i have a knack of being cheesy ", "Every meal can be a meal for one, if you believe in yourself. ", "I've not slept for 4 days, because that'd be too long by Mitch Hedberg", "Just bought a perfume made from Holy Water......Eau My God. ", "Maybe paper straws aren't as good as plastic straws, but I'm gonna need you to stop complaining and suck it up. ", "An eye for an I will make the whole world blnd ", "Why do Army Drill Sergeants demand so much attention? [removed]", "There are 2 sexes and a lot of mental disorders. ", "Something is wrong with the law, I this it's broken. ", "When someone tells me \"great question\" I never hear their answer because I'm too busy congratulating myself for asking such a great question ", "1. Remember the human...his name is Finn. ", "\"Seize the day\" is a silly made-up expression that panders to self-conscious epileptics. ", "Access into any social media account (Your Job done first) [removed]", "Dwarf shortage http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/bbc/12014143/Jimmy-Carrs-dwarf-joke-backfires.html", "\"Ah, it's so damn dark!\" -Bat, trying to wake up [deleted]", "I'd suck her dad's dick just for a taste of the recipe ", "Daily Mail: the Devil's kindling [removed]", "I'm going to become a handyman and immediately corner half the market by doing the even jobs. ", "My milk expired, so I renewed it. [deleted]", "When all is said and done the encyclopedia industry is going to struggle. ", "If you want a job in a moisturizer factory , you should apply daily ", "i had a recurring dream once ", "My grandma is what you\u2019d call a real \u201cmom\u2019s mom\u201d. ", "I\u2019ve decided to stop masturbating, since then I\u2019ve not really felt myself. ", "I went to a mime party... They did unspeakable things. ", "Acronyms have no use IMHO. [deleted]", "My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance, well, we'll just see about that. ", "When a human cannon ball loses their job, do they get fired? ", "I came here to do two things: a biathlon, ", "Jokes about German sausages are the wurst ", "After Thanksgiving, you need to quit eating leftovers; cold turkey. ", "It takes guts to be an organ donor. ", "I just saw two guys fighting over a Pepsi, next to a poster of Kylie Jenner [removed]", "Back in my day, blowing a tranny was car trouble. ", "There's a lot of unrest in the insomniac community. ", "Your so trashy that when your mom dropped you off for school, she got a littering ticket. ", "I was wondering why the baseball was getting bigger, and then it hit me. ", "He's as useful as Anne Frank's drum kit. ", "I heard DMX got the corona virus. Better be careful or X gon give it to ya. ", "Appreciate geology puns and don\u2019t take the earth for granite ", "I wanna stop eating cold turkey but I don\u2019t know how. ", "DAY 317 Without sex : Went jogging in flip flops, just to remember the sound. ", "My dad died when we couldn't remember his blood type. As he died, he kept insisting for us to \"be positive,\" but it's hard without him. ", "Incest jokes aren\u2019t funny, motherfucker. ", "If you're a theremin player, getting to know the Scooby Doo guy is probably a smart move. ", "If a corporation is a person, then Enron employees killed people ", "First they ignore you, then they downvote you, then they dad-joke you, then you're banned. [deleted]", "It's okay to marry your second cousin, as long as you're legally divorced from the first one. ", "Ironically, 2020 is the year we didn\u2019t get to see anything ", "I'm a Science Justice Warrior! Defending a topic on science against a friend.", "A few weeks ago, I asked my doctor if I was going deaf? Still haven't heard back ", "Never call your band \"Free\" because nobody will buy your CDs. [deleted]", "Nobody knew that the organisers of Roland-Garros supported nudists, but now it's all out in the open. ", "My uncle is so anti-government that he just paid the government extra money for a personalized license plate reading ANTIGOV. ", "I wished for bitches so the genie gave me all the men I ever called that ", "Having Dark chocolate was really a once-in-a-lifetime experience for my dog ", "They say in the entertainment industry you should never work with children or animals, but this mainly applies to pornography. ", "The thief who stole my iPhone could face time. ", "The last time I was inside a woman, I was visiting the Statue Of Liberty.\ud83d\uddfd ", "Going to Passover Easter this weekend ", "Stumbling to the door I've had too much but I want some more. ", "Nickleback music isn't as bad as it sounds. Stolen from Mark Twain, who made the quip about Wagner.", "I'm writing a self-help book but I need someone to market it for me. ", "I accidentally started a fire in a crowded theatre. Unfortunately, I couldn't tell anyone. ", "A tailor making a suit for Yao Ming would have to take drastic measures. ", "When a mechanic has a one night stand, he nuts and bolts ", "Deforestation in Jamaica has affected tree people. ", "Kobe finally passed ", "A drowning lifeguard is a disappointment, just like me ", "Poor grammar makes me [sic] ", "I just googled the Californian fires.... came up with 26,472 matches ", "I'm waiting for that new movie 'Constipation' but it hasn't come out yet. ", "To the guy who invented the number zero, thanks for nothing. ", "A dairy cow that doesn't produce milk is udderly useless ", "The Swedish are not quite as Swedy as Swedes. ", "Did you know that cannibals don't eat clowns cos they taste funny? [removed]", "Nipple, that's the point. ", "You know, sometime after my supposed birth, the whole thing was found to be a hoax. ", "The difference between pink and purple is the strength of the grip. ", "Have you ever realized that almost half of all Americans is torso? ", "Being ambiguous is only interesting when it isn't. ", "What's Epistemophobia? ", "Thought we had the mummy situation under wraps. ", "I tried to play football in a STD clinic and the only thing I caught was Gonorrhea. ", "David Hameron ", "I'm buying my wife a wooden leg for christmas. It's not her main present just a stocking filler. ", "As a diaper soiler, I was an agent of change. ", "The tooth fairy also collects kidney stones ", "How my dad treats his kids beats the hell out of me. ", "Got this book about Zero Gravity, now i cant put it down. ", "People change, Even satan used to be an angel. ", "I tried quitting smoking, but cold turkey wasn't nearly as delicious as it sounded. ", "There's no such thing as ghosts, only clumsy ninjas. ", "What do men from New Zealand think about every 10 seconds 6", "Opened a tin of spam found nothing but junk mail ", "Helium doesn't make your voice anywhere near as high as shelium. ", "An attractive woman took a seat next to me at a bar last night and brought it to a table of friends. ", "I usually take steps to avoid elevators. ", "I don't know why they call it \"cheese whiz\" if it ain't even that smart. ", "Any bug can hit a windscreen. But it takes some guts to stick. ", "Going to church doesn\u2019t make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car ", "Two peanuts walk into a bar, and one was a salted ", "Im so horny the crack of dawn better be careful around me ", "The misdirected astronaut wasn\u2019t exactly over the moon. ", "For breakfast, the thesaurus ate a synonym roll. ", "If that wall isn't built juan day they will be driving across the border in carlos! ", "I heard your uncle was trying to take over your pepper factory and was jalapeno business ", "People with obvious questions should all go FAQ themselves ", "You can always find an ox playing Noughts and Crosses. [deleted]", "An army of babies should be called an infantry ", "Organic farming is a lot of shit ", "Just finished the back 9 of my hallway with a score of -4 to +13 with foot+tennis ball+coffee cup=Golf with my daughter. ", "I like to think that the beep on a life support machine is actually a censoring of my heart saying \"fuck\". [deleted]", "If the queen had balls, she\u2019d be the king. ", "Solid, liquid, gas - they all matter. ", "Tried skinny-dipping once; it was pretty easy to keep his head under the water. ", "A Priest, a Pastor, and a Rabbit A priest, a pastor and a rabbit walk into a bar. The rabbit says, \u201cI think I\u2019m a typo.\u201d\n\n^Wish I could say I made it up :)", "On a scale of North Korea to America, how free are you tonight? [deleted]", "Babies are as much fun to make as they are to eat. ", "It does not count as getting high on life just cuz a weed plant is alive ", "After finding 5 Mars bars, 3 Snickers, a Kit Kat and a bag of M&amp;M's, I'm starting to think, I'm not cut out to be a Bounty hunter. ", "There was a Robbery at the Hotel Recently,the Robber took out a Gun,the Security Guard took out His Phone,and the Hotel took out a trivago. ", "The brain is simple, the mind is not. ", "When you're thirsty, Kool-Aid is the solution. ", "All generalizations are wrong. ", "Lif is too short. ", "I never felt so lo as when my my duet had one-man-banned. ", "I\u2019m seriously thinking about re-marrying my ex-wife, but I\u2019m pretty sure she\u2019ll figure out I\u2019m just after my money. ", "Mark my words, I will be edited. ", "Everyone trusts Dr. Huxtable right, take 2 of these and call me in the morning...right? I took this from the \"Rodney King\" monologue", "Life is full of complications, even when you're born, there's a string attached. ", "I went to a really emotional wedding, even the cake was in tiers ", "In Math, I'm partial to fractions, but really divided on the remainder. ", "If you buy a SmartWater for 4$...it's not working. ", "I invented a new word.. Plagiarism ", "I want to be challenged mentally at work, not made to feel mentally challenged. ", "Shout out to all sidewalks; for keeping me off the streets. ", "A website where you can ask questions about drugs: Ask Jeebs ", "I was hired to grow this fertilizer company and I've got this shit in the bag! ", "Whoever invented the name \"acne vulgaris\" for severely bad skin, wasn't very subtle about it. ", "6.9, a little fun interrupted by a period. ", "Pickup lines don't have the charm that you do ", "I can go from 'Not afraid of the past #proud' to 'What the hell was I thinking back then?!' just by looking at my Facebook Memories ", "Everything has a meaning; all things/all that exists ", "After my friend lost his leg in an accident, he just had to walk it off. ", "If my wife was eye candy, she'd be raisinets [deleted]", "I used to wake up at the crack of Dawn, but then she left me. ", "Semantic bleaching is literally the worst thing ever ", "My girlfriend confided in me she loves when I blow air on her when she's hot, but honestly, I\u2019m not a fan. ", "schrodingers immigrant is a person who lays around all day living off welfare while simultaneously stealing your job ", "I stayed up all night trying to figure out what will happen at 4am. Then it dawned on me. ", "If you think seven years bad luck for breaking a mirror is bad, try breaking a condom. ", "What is a letter that begins with a \"w\" ", "Onions are like people, there are many layers to them and you cry when you chop them up. ", "A dyslexic hooker just offered to cook my socks for $20 ", "I have the flu with a hoarse voice, and with my huge beard, I guess you could ask me why the long face? ", "I'm officially done with 2020. Going forward I will be writing 2021 on all my checks. ", "When I go, I want to die in my sleep like my father; not screaming in terror like his passengers. - Paraphrasing Will Rogers", "My granddad always used to say to me that the best part of fighting is the make-up sex, which probably explains his short-lived career as a boxer. ", "I was voted \"Most Likely to Rig a School Election.\" ", "You can choose humor, looks, or literacy, but you may only choose to. ", "Respect women [deleted]", "LeAnn Rimes eulogized \u201cHow Do I Breathe? Without You!\u201d ", "Dogs being able to lick there balls is the ultimate flex. ", "A pear a day will also keep the doctor away if you throw it hard enough. ", "when you are playfully hitting your girl but then she sues you for domestic violence ", "If a bear shits in the woods, does a hipster run up and confirmed it happened? ", "Every Scooby-Doo episode would literally be two minutes long if the gang went to the mask store first and asked a few questions. ", "My circumcision was so rough that I didn't talk until years later. ", "A twitter account is like a reddit thread in how that person must give up the ability to talk about anything else and keep peoples attention ", "I am confused, when a woman says she sucks, does that mean good or bad? ", "Don't leave acid tablets on the floor; it's a tripping hazard. ", "I\u2019ve designed a new website for orphans and there's no home page. ", "2020. ", "The borg started assimilating me but before they could I used their tech to assimilate them ", "You can't put a price on slippery lemons. ", "I suppose snipers miss their loved ones. ", "I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain. [removed]", "I wish I was toilet paper so I can touch that fine ass. ", "I like my wine like I like my women: white, fifteen years old and locked in the cellar. ", "I used to be afraid of hurdles, but then I got over it ", "Proofread carefully to see if you any words out. ", "At my age, the only thing that gets hard are my arteries. ", "An important Mennonite task is called Amish-un ", "A giraffe walks into a bar and says the highballs are on me. ", "The spotted elephant was a patchy-derm. ", "The bowel movement is something we can all get behind. ", "I heard the Jason Aldean concert in Vegas was really mind-blowing! [deleted]", "Frenchmen. Now that's a paradox. [removed]", "I just lost a good friend of mine in a terrible accident as he got his finger stuck in a wedding ring. ", "I was going to keep my synonym for \"incomprehensible\" a secret, but it's meaningless. ", "I hate people who make generalizations. They're all hypocrites. ", "I once had a business selling origami art \u2013 it folded. ", "Don't spell part backwards. It's a trap. ", "Put a coat on that cow, it's Friesian! ", "I don't mean to step on anyone's toes, but I'm a terrible dancer. ", "I've got a feeling my emotional side isn't dead after all. ", "Your butt is a pump that can have another pump double pumping it ", "If an alcoholic man beats his wife, is she considered beer battered? ", "I built a stair case without planning permission council said i took it a step too far ", "Jewish women don't attend gatherings that celebrate pregnant women because they're not too fond of showers. ", "I enjoyed a little spoon with my girlfriend last night; the cutlery shop stayed open late. [deleted]", "My favourite indoor activity is lock picking. ## ", "Would anyone like to chip in for a sculpture ? ", "Just got back from the dentist. He said my teeth are great, but my gums need to come out. ", "There's a rat in every separation. Credit to my Latin (language) teacher.", "Too soon? Steven hawking\u2019s famous last words\nhttps://youtu.be/Gb2jGy76v0Y", "A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing. ", "I wasn\u2019t sure if I would like having a beard but eventually it grew on me. ", "Billion dollar idea...\"Tell John Wick that Trump killed his dog.\" ", "I started a new job as a tarot reader, now I'm making a fortune ", "Pet shop special, budgies going cheap. ", "Cows, pigs, and chickens are all dying for us to eat them. ", "I work out religiously\u2014Christmas and Easter. ", "My friend promised to play golf, but he didn't know how to follow through. ", "I\u2019m really sick of bulimia jokes. ", "I smell good. [deleted]", "I'm reading a book about mazes, I got lost in it. ", "Pepsi tastes like soap. ", "Well, I wonder which evolution is more dangerous- viruses or minds of Homo sapiens? ", "I want to start an airline that caters for fat people, but I don\u2019t think it\u2019ll take off. ", "It's always better to have sworn enemies than to have two-faced friends. [deleted]", "Got into a fight at the bar last night, it all started when some guy hit me back. ", "I couldn't have beard any longer so I shaved myself from a hairy situation; it was just too much stubble. ", "Do you think I'm cool? no, that means I'm hot. ", "You\u2019ll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace. ", "The average grade in marine biology should always be below sea-level. ", "I covered my friend's house in different animal faeces and asked him to pick his favourite and he went ape shit ", "The Mexican got horny so now Juanita pussy out ", "Velcro - what a rip off! ", "\"DANGER, DO NOT TOUCH\" must be the scariest thing to read in Braile. ", "The flies, call us walks. Definitely. ", "I went to see the new pirate movie - it was rated aaarrrrrrrrgh ", "I didn\u2019t gaslight you that was just in your head. ", "Why did the chicken cross the road, he thought that he was playing animal crossing ", "What if ...soy milk is really just milk introducing itself in Spanish ", "Hitl3r Hitlers favorite sitcom was Mad about Jews.", "I've got a phobia of inventing phobias. [deleted]", "i do agree its healthy to laugh at your mistakes, but if you are a plastic surgeon you should probably do it in private ", "The cat Buddha teaches that all of life contains suffering succotash, while the dog Buddha teaches that life is indeed ruff. ", "I went to the local Kleptomaniacs Anonymous meeting, but all the seats were taken. ", "Receding hairlines give men long faces. ", "If a soft drink machine is outside during sub freezing weather, it becomes a drink warmer. ", "I've decided to re-sod my lawn - it was a turf decision. ", "\"Swing States\" aren't as much fun as they sound. ", "When they came out with the Philips head screw driver I wonder if the guy who made the flathead like \"What?! We can get credit for this?\" ", "Did you know there is a 5% margin of error in 105% of statistics? ", "Is Betteridge's Law right? ", "If you think nobody cares if you\u2019re alive, try missing a couple of car payments. ", "A lot of the posts on this sub are really just shower thoughts. ", "I didn't want to publish my unfinished article in the magazine, but my editor really forced the issue. ", "If the invisible man stops by and asks for me tell him I can\u2019t see him. ", "I saw a sign that said falling rocks so I tried and it doesn't. ", "Crazy cat ladies put the \u201cpaws\u201d in \u201cmenopause\u201d ", "Amidst the virus crisis, Hooters recently introduced a door-to-door service called Knockers. ", "I once dated a magazine collector and let me tell you, man, she had some issues! ", "Favorite singer surprises girl with cancer https://i.imgur.com/cwlCVkC.png\n\n(source:https://www.reddit.com/r/titlegore/comments/1njeeu/favorite_singer_surprises_girl_with_cancer/)", "People tell me I just have to be myself, but that's just not me. ", "The arms dealer walked up to the blackjack table and said I hear you're looking to deal some hands ", "Hands up if you like armed robbers. ", "I don't want to sound like I'm showing off or something, but people put bricks through my windows just so they can hear me practicing my saxophone louder. ", "One cannibal says to the other \" Damn ,this clown sure taste funny . \" [deleted]", "Don't worry if plan A fails, there are 25 more letters in the alphabet. ", "Do you suppose Roman lesbians' favorite position was fifty-nine? ", "If my wife was a Transformer her name would be Amazon Prime. ", "Dark Humor is like food, my kids just can\u2019t get enough of it! There are probably some variations of this lol", "\u202aWhen someone says \" 9 out of 10 forest fires are started by humans\", all I here is, \"There is a bear out there that knows how to use matches.\"\u202c ", "If someone drowns themselves in a toilet, is it death by sewercide? ", "Whenever I see someone with one eye, I ask them if it was all fun and games up to that point. ", "\"Justice,\" \"Hope,\" and \"Charity\" are names that certain parents give to children because they don't otherwise get to experience them. ", "You know what I\u2019ve always said about cliffhangers ", "I got arrested for indecent exposure but I wasn't convicted because the evidence didn't stand up in court. ", "You've gotta hand it to relay runners, don't you? ", "If all employers fired people for marijuana use, there'd be a \"high\" unemployment rate. ", "My boss gave me a new project and said he needs it by yesterday, so I took time off from that project to research how to build a time machine ", "A website where you can ask questions about bongs: Ask Geebs ", "There is always a chance when you are playing Monopoly ", "I love going out dancing with depressed people,they really know how to get down. ", "My doctor insists that the cure for obesity is as easy as taking candy from a baby. ", "If Humpty Dumpty happened on Christmas, would he have hurt his egg-noggin? ", "I really took it personally when this zombie was looking for brains and it walked right by me. ", "I wonder if the Arachnophobia Hotline has a web site. ", "Is it just me or are circles pointless? ", "If there's one thing I can't STAND, it's entitled people who think they're as deserving as I am. ", "Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular. ", "How do you jack off if you have a nut allergy? ", "I tried a new way of making coffee but it turned out terrible and now I\u2019m French depressed. ", "EMTs travel in twos because they are pair-a-medics. ", "The shoe devil has come to take our soles ", "I heard that a group of conspiracy theorists are making plans to end the world. ", "I've made a complete 180 in life... and got into a pretty bad car accident. ", "I'm still trying to figure out where buffalo wings come from!!! ", "I have my friends epi-pen, in his dying moments it seemed very important to him that I have it ", "Every time I ask someone what the acronym LGBTQ stands for, I can never get a straight answer. ", "After my digital rectal exam, I freaked seeing a sign for digital eye exams ", "I'm drawing a blank. I don't know which pen to use. ", "Post masturbatory clarity is literally you cumming to your senses ", "In Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001), Nearly Headless Nick was a poorly executed character. ", "'Allahu Akbar!' is the Arabic equivalent of 'YOLO!' [deleted]", "I just got back from China; I feel pretty disoriented. ", "How do you change a baby? Easy, you just swap it with one in the nursery. ", "Tapping one\u2019s penis on the side of a bell can be addicting ", "Do those fidget spinners help with vertigo? [deleted]", "I hate making spelling mistakes when I'm posting on /r/oneliners because all you have to do is mix up a few letters and your whole joke is urined. ", "I tried to build a bottomless pit. But there was a floor in the plan. ", "If I agreed with you, then we would both be wrong. ", "Hi, this is Hawaii. ", "Even the weakest person can hold hundreds of pounds of air on their head at normal 15 pounds per square inch ", "Kobe Bryant has proven once and for all that helicopter parenting is harmful to children ", "Never play games with a cheetah. ", "An awfully good comedian can be seriously funny. ", "Hoarding's great, collectively speaking. ", "An optometrist fell into a lens grinder and made a spectacle of himself. ", "My mom had trouble giving birth to me because I was an overweight baby... that\u2019s right, I was a stuck-up-cunt. ", "Transaudio [deleted]", "So my professor doesn't talk , she yells :) ", "The world is an oyster,if you are demented. ", "My girlfriend said she wants me to make her feel like she is the only girl in the world. So I'm going to drop her off in the desert and leave! ", "I like to call in sick to places I don't work. Tomorrow I'm getting written up at Wal-Mart ", "My doctor was checking my balls for lumps the other day, but it got quite awkward when I ran my fingers through his hair. ", "I tried to look up lighters on ebay and all they had was 13 749 matches. ", "When a girl changes her clothes in front of you she's either interested, or she hasn't spotted you in the tree yet. ", "I have a vision, I just don\u2019t know what it looks like. ", "I'll go out of my way to avoid getting run over. ", "If you saw my magazine collection, you\u2019d know I have a lot of issues. ", "Asked the surgeon out after they failed my operation, they just weren't into me. ", "Planned on vacation ended up on ventilation... Spring break 2020! ", "My wife likes it when I blow air on her when she's hot, but honestly... I'm not a fan. ", "Secks; it\u2019s been so long, I\u2019m lucky I can still spell it ", "The procrastination club's meeting has been postponed. ", "Trying to find a quiet place to read, in my house, is like walking around on the sun, looking for shade. ", "For plumbers, a flush beats a full house. ", "Endothermic reactions are pretty cool ", "My father worked at a power plant for 35 years until he was diagnosed with an industrial complex. ", "I asked my priest how to make holy water... he said just boil the hell out of it '", "I got angry and called my friend a pencil case; he had some colourful words to say to me. ", "The young couple next door to me have just made their first sex tape but obviously they don't know that yet. ", "Hey, nice name, did your parents pick it out for you? ", "VIAGRA....It won't make you James Bond, but it will make you Roger Moore. ", "Dicks out! ", "So I picked up this girl the other day... ... she was pretty heavy.", "Burying someone in the wrong place ... ... is a grave error", "A guy in the locker room said that mutual masturbation was healthy, turns out he was just jerking me around. ", "My boat is under the weather, so I took it to the dock. ", "The quote \"be there or be square!\" is because you are not a-round.. ", "I used to go to the furniture store a lot more when I was younger but I haven\u2019t been in about 2 years because I\u2019ve had 0 interest for 24 months. ", "I got hooked on Tide Pods but I\u2019m clean now. ", "If you have sex on a Wednesday, it really is hump day. [deleted]", "If a ventriloquist dummy calls you deceitful, then look who's talking. ", "My wife and I were happy for twenty years...then we met ", "I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out. ", "Simply put a % sign after your age to see how dead you are... ", "How did I escape Iraq? Iran ", "I saw an ad that said \u201cpersonal trainers hate this app!\u201d so I downloaded it and it was just a bunch of videos of really sweaty guys, not wiping down gym equipment ", "There was a sick frog sitting on a log, and without warning he croaked. ", "I have too high of standards to date my identical clone. [deleted]", "When someone says rona, I hear sketti and butter. ", "My dad bought horses thinking that would make his life more stable. ", "Overdosing on Viagra was the hardest day of my life. ", "Call me old fashioned but l refuse to talk to my tv remote. ", "I had a row with my boss yesterday at lunchtime which is just one of the perks of working near a lake. ", "At this point, the only thing missing from 2020 is for Voldemort to show up around June asking us to give up Harry Potter. ", "After Johnny Carson said that UFO comes from U... F.O. I wasn't sure it would work as a one-liner anymore. ", "An egg salad sandwich is just a chicken salad sandwich that is really underdone. ", "This Halloween I'm going dressed as a ghost... to the bar... to get boos. ", "Did you hear about /r/The_Donald's new business venture? [deleted]", "Call me Bridget 'cause I'm on a troll. ", "If life gives you melons, you might be dyslexic. ", "If your homing pigeon doesn\u2019t come back, then what you\u2019ve lost is a pigeon. ", "Whats blue and not that heavy ? Light blue. ", "What is the Moonlight Sonata's day job? ", "I'm going to keep my vacuum cleaner even though it sucks every time I use it. ", "The whole world should be worried that North Korea has a missile that can hit New York, because if it can make it there, it can make it anywhere. ", "breast food is the best food, and thats why so many ppl eat cereal with milk [deleted]", "\"Honeysuckle\" is also what a pimp might advise his women to do. ", "If I\u2019m in the closet then you\u2019re right below me, taking the bat out of basement ", "I\u2019m not a cactus expert, but I know a prick when I see one ", "My girlfriend went to the beauty parlor and asked for the look of a rock star They gave her a shot of heroine.", "My wife said she wanted some peace and quiet while she made dinner so I unplugged the smoke alarm. ", "What's brown and sticky? ........A stick. .", "My COVID-19 is the most weight I\u2019ve gained since my Freshman 15. ", "Shelby entered the world of prostitution with a bang. ", "I play paintball will little balls of paint finisher. [deleted]", "Well if that ain\u2019t a raccoon calling a opossum a long nosed son of a bitch ", "Well, this self-improvement course is \u00a32 cheaper than the last one. ", "Don't be lazy, Be crazy. ", "In order to lie, one must first know the truth. ", "Reincarnation into an adult body keeping your memories would be a great way to rob a bank ", "\"No pain, no gain\" is a terrible motto for a dentist. ", "My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage, so I took that as a compliment. ", "What did Yokono say to John Lennon when they first started dating? [removed]", "What is ignorance? ", "How long a minute feels depends upon if the bathroom is occupied or not. ", "The name corona virus brought to you by budweiser ", "A flock of crows at a crime-scene is a murder most fowl. ", "My new dissertation thesis and title: \"Lifetime TV: Why 'Women's Television' has set American Women's Suffrage Back 100 Years.\" ", "After I had wiskey with my water last night, I had three dogs agreeing with my mama that I shouldn't have come. ", "Moving to Australia really turned my life upside-down. ", "You know whats really awesome punctuation ", "Every year for Christmas I ask Satan to cure me of my dyslexia. ", "I got a book coming out. Not sure why I shoved it up there to begin with. ", "Any chair can be a recliner if you push back hard enough. ", "Gonna ask my mum if that offer to \"Slap me into next year\" is still on the table ? ", "In Israel, it\u2019s just called \u2018jitsu\u2019. ", "[insert loud fart here] followed by - \"Did anyone just here what that ASSHOLE said?\" ", "Sometimes, I put my hands on the floor, tuck my head towards my chest and lean forward......that's how I roll. ", "All countries eventually got coronavirus, but China got it right off the bat ", "My ouija board spelled out skeptic. [deleted]", "When I was young, I used to think earwigs actually lived in your ears, so you can imagine how terrified I was of cockroaches. ", "I wish I was rich enough to eat out all the time like the homeless do ", "If underage sex is rape cuz they cant consent to sex, then a legal execution is suicide cuz they cant consent to live. ", "It was supposed to rain today but it mist. ", "When my children were young I decided to child proof my house but somehow they always managed to get back in. ", "I asked my friend if I could borrow his chloroform, he said \u201cknock yourself out\u201d ", "Do you remember if I have Alzheimer's? ", "9 out of 10 dermatologists agree that towels are the leading cause of dry skin. ", "I found a minnow in my pool today, i thought something smelled a little fishy. ", "Terrible news! The cakes we buried at the confectionery... are rising from their graves!", "This morning I had an eye opening experience. ", "The new iPhone is waterproof in that it proves that water exists. [deleted]", "one day criminals will get better doctors than the rich so for-profit prisons can get paid for 1000 years of suffering ", "If you eat your cake fast enough, your Fitbit thinks you're walking. ", "Wearing a mask over a beard, looks a lot like a ladies underwear commercial from 1972' ", "What would we do if we didn't have question marks. ", "No matter how much you push the envelope it'll still be stationary. ", "when life gives you lemons, you probably just found lemons ", "Someone tell me what delegate means. [deleted]", "Anal used to be taboo - now its just banal. ", "Women and blacks got the right to vote and one day the same will happen and voting will be more than a scam ", "The world record for biggest gender reveal party was in 1945 when Japan found out the United States had a Little Boy [deleted]", "I used to be a narcissist, but now look at me. ", "When a department store Santa loses his job, does he get the sack ? ", "There is an arms race going on right now, in the paralympics [deleted]", "After accidentally falling into my cloning machine I was beside myself. ", "I slowly died when I heard the joke about incapable surgeons. ", "Never trust a thin chef or a fat zookeeper. ", "I got a massive pump in the gym today; and someone, somewhere, has a flat tyre. [deleted]", "Explainations [removed]", "Underwear bandit admits brief crime spree. ", "Obesity kills way more people than gun violence yet there's still no march to end it which ironically would literally help to end it. ", "Baby carrots aka Trump chodes [deleted]", "I recently told some friends I was closeted to my family. Really felt great to come out of the closet closet. ", "Does refusing to go to the gym count as resistance training? ", "Why didn't you tell me you licked glue? ", "lennon say....no... [removed]", "To make holy water, just take water and boil the hell out of it. ", "Elitist sports teams. If you can\u2019t join them, beat them. ", "My friend Tony doesn't have any shins. ", "Oxymorons are clearly misunderstood. ", "If I found a box of magic tricks, that would be a Loki day. ", "After a bug splats on the windshield, my Granpa would say, \"he'll never have the guts to try that again.\" ", "My friend told me he was going to dress up as a small island off the coast of Italy so I told him \"don't be Sicily\" ", "I can speak every language as good as google translate can. ", "I tried to use my penis as a paintbrush but it was too hard. ", "Elton John is a great pianist, but he sucks on the organ. ", "pyrex was the most oven-safe dinosaur ", "Knowing that \"nothing will ever be enough\" , is enough. ", "Some bastard stole the 'G' from my 'No Trespassing' sign. ", "Lol.  Please certify your entitlement by checking the declaration box. ", "I really enjoyed the circus this year, it was intense. ", "They have just come out a disorder for people don\u2019t use their imagination; you can make this stuff up ", "I wanted to date some girls with scurvy so I hit them with my pickup limes ", "Every morning Waking up is the second hardest thing in the morning", "I can't stand paraplegics. ", "If someone tells you they're xenaphobic, it means they're afraid of warrior princesses. ", "If I'm not mistaken, it looks like you're mistaken. ", "Since Hooters will be doing only delivery they are considering changing their name to Knockers ", "My sister hates school, so she joined a foreign exchange program to Saudi Arabia. [deleted]", "Earning a living wage isn\u2019t easy with disabilities. I\u2019m friends with a dwarf struggling to put food on the table. ", "When I learnt how to tell the difference between sea mammals, it gave me a whole new sense of porpoise. ", "An apple a day not only keeps the doctor away, it also gets you a restraining order for throwing a daily apple at him and yelling \"Go Away Doctor!\" ", "I had to dig deep for this pickpocket pun. ", "My pirate costune cost me a hand and a leg ", "She fears commitment but I can't say I do. [deleted]", "Hanging yourself is a breathtaking once in a lifetime experience ", "The only difference between your job and your wife is that after 5 years, your job will still suck. ", "People call me superstitious but I like to think of myself as genre-savvy. ", "I once dated a girl who had a tattoo of a seashell on her inner thigh. When you put your ear up to it, you could smell the ocean. ", "i took a power nap once, now i can read minds ", "Autocorrect makes me type things I didn't Nintendo. ", "Feminine hygiene jokes are the lowest form of humor - period. ", "My extra-sensitive toothpaste doesn't like it when I use other toothpastes. ", "I lol\u2019ed at this ", "Day 947 of my kid acting aggrieved that I told him to brush his teeth. [deleted]", "I did not know why my arms and legs were in irons, but I was sure impressed. ", "If it was possible to modify sperm to breed with other sperm science is so gay it would have to be done ", "Definition, slut: has been rogered more times than a copper's walkie talkie. ", "My flights are always cheap because all my baggage is emotional ", "I think I need my spine replaced, because all it does is hold me back. ", "I tried to sue the airport for losing my luggage, but I lost my case. ", "I may appear to have it all together, but on the inside I'm a bloody mess. ", "I worked at a Starbucks last winter, so some people might say I'm a veteran of the \"War on Christmas.\" ", "The exchange rate is crazy, even the Canadian dollar is a little loonie. ", "Just in time for Christmas, stores are now stocking French Army knives, featuring 6 corkscrews and a white flag. ", "My new dildo is a pain in the ass to take out... ", "Excuse me while I lick the blood on the inside of my tongue ", "If USA did a brexit it would be a usexit, u sexy thing. ", "When a clock is hungry it goes back four seconds ", "I\u2019m willing to bet but I\u2019m not willing to bet money ", "Those with ED need to be more outgoing. ", "Today I farted on an elevator, it was wrong on so many levels. Credit goes to Bo Burnham, check him out hes reallly funny!", "I haven't smoked in a year, plus didn't smoke before that. ", "The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard. ", "Well, to be frank i'd have to change my name. ", "Even Cardio is better than Cardi B ", "I always feel so motivated after I restock my battery drawer [removed]", "I can\u2019t stop thinking I might have hypochondria. [deleted]", "I quit the furniture business because I completely ran out of stool samples... ", "Operations are great opportunities for introspection. ", "When a pirate loses their job, do they get the hook? ", "Someone once asked me \"penny for your thoughts\", to which I said \"I think that's pretty cheap, where's my penny?\" ", "Whoever said \"hugs not drugs\" obviously has never had a hug on drugs... ", "Someone asked me if I smoke after Sex, I simply replied, \"I dunno, I've never looked.\" ", "I was addicted to the Hokey Pokey but I turned myself around [x-post r/funny] picture.", "I stole all your laxatives. I shit you not. ", "Hell will freeze over before I'm 0K! ", "When I was on acid, I actually tasted colors, they tasted a lot like paint. [deleted]", "The people at the Playtex tampon company are always stuck up cunts. ", "I did 24andme, and I have Down syndrome. [deleted]", "Everybody wants to go to Heaven, but nobody wants to die. ", "I like euphemisms in more ways than one. ", "Who decided to call it a pearl necklace and not a chestnut? ", "A day without sunshine is like, you know, Night! ", "What's the smallest part in a BMW? The drivers penis. ", "Women can't get enough of my small penis. ", "Is the statement \"Ignore all the rules\" recursive? ", "Sign language is quite handy. ", "In regards to birth control, condoms are for fucking pussies &amp;#x200B;", "Show me a camera truck and I'll show you a reel drive by shooting. ", "I dropped a sushi in my miso soup. Never thought I'd drown a fish. [deleted]", "Wish my wife would stop praying and just go to sleep, it's Pastor bedtime ", "I put root beer in a square mug, and now I have beer. ", "If I\u2019m ever choking on steak, I\u2019ll let you beat the meat out of me. ", "I woke up this morning and found out that I'd turned into a cat, but don't ask meow. ", "Not many people know this, but I'm famous. ", "After a weathermen was in a horrible accident breaking both arms and legs, he had to call from the hospital about the four casts. ", "Atheism is a non prophet organization ", "Doctor's office: All our records are electronic now just fill out these 12 forms ", "I don't have a bad temper, it's just that my Fight or Flight Response has a bit of a stuttering problem.... ", "Sucking his dick in the morning, call that shit a head start. ", "reject broken candy canes; only accept them in mint condition. ", "wearing a shirt that says TOIDI would be a fun thing to reflect on ", "As punishment for my crimes, I am serving a suspended sentence and also ", "A dildo is the sex toy most likely to be referenced in a hobbit rap battle ", "The inventor of the anagram has died, may he \"erect a penis.\" ", "Yesterday I took a dehumidifier into a sauna, just to see which one would win. ", "7 wheelchair athletes have been banned from the next Olympics after they tested positive for WD 40. ", "There are no limits to human creativity. - The guy who invented the spork. ", "I'm a libtard didn't you get the email? No? Oh yeah Hillary deleted it! \ud83d\ude02 [deleted]", "Fish are easy to weigh because they bring their own scales. ", "The furniture store keeps calling me back, but all I wanted was that one nightstand. ", "I had a dream last night where I was driving with one hand and flipping pancakes with the other, man, I was tossing and turning all night. ", "I read a book about Stockholm Syndrome that was pretty bad at first, but by the end, I kinda liked it. ", "My mom was born on June 9, 1969 and it\u2019s no wonder why she always keeps fucking my dad ", "Food is premature shit ", "I had a uranium chemistry set growing up which on one hand was great, but on the other hand is another 9 fingers. ", "Is \"Return of the Mack\" banned in Apple Stores? ", "Opinions are like assholes, if you say you don\u2019t have one, you\u2019re probably full of shit. ", "Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else. ", "I broke my arm in two places and my doctor told me to stop going there. ", "I'm looking at the paper and wonder if anybody else notices this, people seem to be dying in alphabetical order. ", "Never hit a man with glasses, hit him with a baseball bat. ", "The difference between outlaws and inlaws is that outlaws are wanted ", "Jokes about German sausage are the wurst. ", "All prisoners are incels. ", "This morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas, I don't know This also comes from a renowned public figure", "raid 4 robux [https://discord.gg/v7QaVUA](https://discord.gg/v7QaVUA)\n\nenjoy. please raid these apes. 4chan was down for posting I guess.", "I once had a psychic girlfriend, she left me before we met. ", "I was going to get my girlfriend \"Bambi\" on dvd for Christmas but it was a little deer. ", "My friend Jack believes he can talk to vegetables... Jack and the beans talk. ", "Ive just fallen through the roof of a French bakery. I'm in a world of pain.\ud83e\udd56\ud83e\udd50 ", "Floppy disks are like Jesus- they died to become the icon of saving. ", "I've decided to write all my jokes in capitals from now on. This one was written in Paris. ", "I was going to bring you a joke anyone can understand, but I couldn't get it ", "Yeah, I guess it was interesting to pay for a meal with my phone for the first time, but now I gotta get another phone. ", "I just donated $100 to a blind children's charity, not that the kids will ever see any of it. ", "I thought hosting the herding, trampoline, and fan conventions at the same time at the same place would be fine, but then the sheep hit the fan. ", "I'm slowly becoming a Tai Chi master ", "Technically, a buttdial is a booty call. ", "This shirt is dry clean only, which means it\u2019s dirty. ", "1 m\u043enth I\u2019m using this g\u043e\u043ed s\u0435\u0445 d\u0430ting \u2013 I\u2019ve found girls who agr\u0435ed f\u043er s\u0435\u0445 [removed]", "When the Sergeant asked me, \"What does surrender mean?\", I shrugged and said, \"I give up!\" ", "My pet turtle died, but I'm not upset, just shell-shocked. ", "Turn your regular sofa into a sofa bed, by forgetting your wife's birthday. ", "That banana looks appealing. ", "Just so everybody\u2019s clear, I\u2019m going to put my glasses on. ", "Every Scooby-Doo episode would literally be two minutes long if the gang went to the mask store first and asked a few questions ", "Having sex with me is like playing Russian Roulette without any bullets in the gun, even after going 6 rounds it still wont blow your head off ", "A man showed up for a duel armed only with a pencil and paper, then, he proceeded to draw his weapon. ", "I'm thinking of reasons to move to Switzerland, and the flag is a big plus. ", "If you replace the \"W\" in What, Where and When, with a \"T\" you answer the question. ", "I used to be afraid of gardening, but then I grew a pear. ", "Everyone seems to think the world about freedom these days. While ate the same time, the world is a gain prison in the form of a planet. *at\n- Den D", "Phrenology is lowbrow ", "I am not superstitious. I think it\u2019s bad luck. ", "I am a titanic survivor cuz the titanic didnt kill me cuz I was never near it ", "I have issues when it comes to comic book subscriptions ", "I get a kick out of riding horses. ", "I try to lose weight but it keeps finding me. ", "There's no \"us\" in \"politician\", but there's lots of Is. ", "I was going to make a gay joke, buttfuck it. ", "they kept thanking me so I said dont be so gratitudeous ", "I was born at a very young age. ", "I\u2019m Chris Hansen, have you ever heard of \u201cDateline\u201d? [deleted]", "I was offered a job at the puppet factory, a 35 hour a week contract no strings attached. ", "People are usually shocked when they find out I\u2019m not a very good electrician. ", "I went to buy some camouflage pants the other day, but I couldn't find any. ", "There is no \u201cI\u201d in denial. ", "Mans idea of multi-tasking, holding in a fart while peeing in a urinal. ", "To the dude flipping me off for honking at him \u2014 your phone is on top of your car. ", "You know what they say about cliffhangers. ", "Wine improves with age; the older I get the more I like it. ", "You can say what you like about President Trump.... ", "Women don't marry men for their money, they divorce men for their money. ", "I haven't had a single drink all day. They've all been doubles. ", "Hiring people who can't read classifieds. ", "The grim reaper has a scythe and the devil has a pitch fork. Is agriculture a major industry in the underworld? ", "The world's fattest bird tournament uses round robin scheduling ", "This woman came up to me on the train and said \"Tickets, please,\" so I told her to fuck off and get her own [deleted]", "Of all the well hung men I've seen on the internet, Robin Williams is probably the best. [deleted]", "I've started telling people about the benefits of eating dried grapes. It's all about raisin awareness. ", "I'll never feel comfortable eating sloth meat, unless it's been made in a slow cooker. ", "I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind. I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.", "i'd tell u a joke but i have memory issues.. Hi im Connor, what are we doing again?? ", "I have downloaded this new app. Its great, it tells you what to wear, what to eat and if you\u2019ve put on weight. Its called the Daily Mail. [removed]", "Last letter of artist ", "Sometimes I switch my socks from left to right, to keep my feet on their toes. ", "It's not that the clown did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it. ", "I wonder if the guy who coined the phrase 'One Hit Wonder' coined any other phrases. ", "There was a pregnant pause in the conversation, but it was much shorter than nine months. ", "I had a dream I had a dream but I didn't remember it and I did remember it ", "My new year's revolution is to learn how to spell. ", "I recently called my necrophiliac friend. I asked him how his wife was doing; he replied: \"The rotten cunt split on me!\" ", "I am so poor.. that my smartphone shows bus mode instead of an airplane mode", "I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it. ", "I went on a diet for 2 weeks and the only thing that I lost was my mind. ", "Girl are you wall art because you're flat and boring. ", "\"There are many sides to every issue\", I said, in a glowing review of Appetizer Magazine ", "I achieved nirvana, but forgot how to do it because ignorance is bliss. ", "My superpower is that I can look my wife directly in the face for 10 minutes straight and not hear a single word. ", "I was going to talk shit on iMacs, but I decided that wouldn't be very PC. ", "I really wanted to excel at basketball, above all else. ", "All I did was compliment my friend's moustache, and now she won't talk to me.. ", "In ancient Egypt, papyrus farmers taught people the importance of reeding. ", "I was going to start a clothing line for short people, but the target market was too small. ", "I am on a seafood diet. I see food, and I eat it. ", "Fucking a clone of yourself is a questionable decition, but you do you. ", "Fight Club is a pretty overlooked movie. Nobody talks about it ", "When my Doctor told me I was going deaf I just couldn't comprehend what I was hearing! ", "They say 1 in 6 guys is gay, so when I look within my group of friends... I hope it's Josh, he's the cute one. ", "An imaginary color is just a pigment of your imagination. ", "Why is there so much pressure to spend Independence Day with other people? ", "She said she wanted a sweater for her pooch, so I got her a 3xl. What url?", "Shoutout to toilets, for dealing with my crap this whole time. (Well, maybe not once)", "I buy used panties online, it isn't a fetish, I just really like doing laundry. ", "God gave us the brain to work out problems. However, we use it to create more problems. ", "My doctor said I have a bladder infection, urine trouble, I thought to myself. ", "T-rex's are extraordinary as they usually drink coffee ", "Me: Help! The 3DS is dying! Nintendo Ambulance: Wii U, Wii U, Wii U, Wii U ", "Gays are fucking assholes. ", "I like speed dating as much as the next guy...and the last guy. ", "I once saw 8 men get beaten up by 1 guy at the same time...I called it an octopus. ", "At the beach today I decided not to swim between the two flags and instead swim in the sea. ", "I woke up on the ground last night, must have fallen asleep\u200b. ", "What do you call it when sheep don't bleat? Silence of the lambs. [removed]", "Little did I know that I was psychic. ", "The cabin couldn't move anymore because it got lodged ", "So , my professor doesn't talk , she yells :) ", "About 3 people die every second, so what makes the tragedy you just mentioned more deserving of attention than them? ", "'Chicken came before egg' - Dictionary ", "I started a non-profit organization that hired assassins to go after fortune tellers but they saw it coming. ", "The server said to give it a few minutes before pouring the French Press coffee, which I thought was a steep order. ", "Did you hear about the optometrist who fell into a lens grinder and made a spectacle of himself? ", "What if Jesus was gay and was saying ah, men all the while? [Just for sarcasm]", "Try mixing Viagra and Prozac, so even if you don\u2019t get a fuck, you won\u2019t give a fuck. ", "Native Americans hate snow because it's white and settles on their land. ", "They called me a mad scientist, but I'm sure they'll change their minds once i release the hypnodrones. ", "Is 'pussylips' one word, or should I spread them apart ? ", "If you want to start breeding worms you need to get a clew first. ", "Anything is a free sample if you're quick enough. ", "The only difference between lawyers and flying pigs is the letter F ", "For some reeson, I've never yet won a gaim of Skrabel !!! ", "A man rushed into a busy doctor's surgery and shouted, \"Doctor! I think I'm shrinking!\" The doctor calmly responded, \"Now, settle down..You'll just have to be a little patient. ", "Raw foodists do it for health, but some foods are healthier after being heated - I'm ironing the savory. ", "My girlfriend hates it when I condescendingly say \"Thanks, mom.\" Especially after she wipes my butt for me. ", "Some people just have a way with words, and some...um... not have way ", "Headquarters doubled our coin-toss odds. ", "The latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people makes 75% of the world's population. ", "Be nice to toilets. The amount of shit they have to deal with everyday makes them stressed enough. ", "It's really expensive to be poor. ", "I was wondering why the ball was getting bigger and then it hit me. ", "Why are so many black celebrities accused of rap? (Credit to /u/ISayWhatIWantBitch)", "Assassins wear leather because it is made of hide ", "When the assassin was hungry, the assassinate. ", "I thought becoming a comedian like my estranged dad would get us closer, but he didn\u2019t want to see one of his mistakes making one of his mistakes. ", "Christians believe Jesus is gods gift to women... and men ", "I dump so much of my crap into my diary so I\u2019m thinking of calling it my diarrhoea. ", "Did You Hear About The Kidnapping At School? It Wasn't That Big Of A Deal, He Woke Up When The Bell Rang... ", "I used to like chicken more than beef, but that was hen and this is cow. ", "Life is a dead end. ", "I never make mistakes\u2026I thought I did once; but I was wrong. ", "Because I'm of average intelligence, I know that I'm at least as smart as half the people on Earth. ", "\"No strings attached\" is a blissful thing to hear for anyone, unless you're skydiving ", "I recently took a pole and found that 100% of the people in the tent were angry when it collapsed. ", "My eyelids are on the blink again! ", "I just heard an ear-piercing scream from the body modification shop. ", "The only kind of debt that matters is debt of pleasure, borrowed or saved now with interest for later, that causes a downward or upward spiral ", "An impotent iguana suffers from a reptile dysfunction. ", "No pane no gain, I told the struggling window. ", "Auctioneers are forbidden. ", "I just spotted an albino Dalmatian, I mean, it was the least I could do. ", "I can\u2019t remember the last time my memory was this bad. ", "I've got two rulers: one for good measure, and another for good measure. ", "My plan to have an incomplete Will Smith movie collection is coming together without a Hitch. ", "If you have Tourette's and halitosis then your life sucks. [deleted]", "If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea\u2026 does that mean that one enjoys it? ", "My body is a temple, because 100s of Jews have been in it. [deleted]", "let's give a hand to robotics! ", "I got so drunk last night, I started a fight with a mop and I wiped the floor with him. ", "My brother took flying lessons. They asked him to stop. ", "She said \"I think it's bigger than it looks\". I said \"That's what she said too\". ", "I dropped a deuce and she beat me with a tray. ", "Remember, no Russian ", "Two midget lesbians that are in the closet is called a liquor cabinet. ", "15\u00a2 toll in NY, talk about getting nickel-and-dimed! ", "My math teacher said I was average - how mean! ", "My friend says my jokes don\u2019t make any sense and that the punch lines are always too obscure, which is quite funny really because his uncle used to grow his own onions ", "Did you hear how JFK died? Mind blown. ", "Bitches be like: I'm a entreprenour that figure out how to make a lot of profit with something I love to do I be like: wow", "Every bank is a food bank, if you're a cannibal. ", "Dildos are for pussies. ", "I wanted to watch Fast &amp; the Furious but the spoilers ruined it. ", "My financial advisor said I needed to budget better, so I fired him. ", "My girlfriend left me because of my obsession with being a news anchor.......... More on this later. ", "I just saw a guy jogging and I thought. That guy's going places ", "People named 'willy' sure do have it hard you know..... ", "To be Frank, there's no reason to be Curt with me. ", "If Jesus can heal the blind, why are so many people still believers? ", "i think i'll join the flat earth society at the next vernal equinox. ", "\"He shoots! He scores!\" has never made any sense to me, because in my world, I need to score before I can shoot. ", "I am taping steaks to me feet, so i can have the rarest shoes in the world. ", "I thought I had kicked the habit of stealing board games, but there was one last Risk I had to take. ", "Shop assistants hate it when you ask them if they have any gluten-free gluten. ", "I have a chicken proof lawn that's impeccable. ", "I like to hold hands at the movies, which always seems to startle strangers. ", "I find gasping inspirational. ", "Someone stole my toilet; I was so mad I lost my shit ", "Bob Dylan revealed that he has a sinus inflection ", "I always give plumbers a special dance for making it drain ", "God was fired from his preaching job at our church after not showing up for thousands of years ", "Why are they called \"restrooms\" if I'm not even allowed to sleep on the floor? ", "The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. ", "I'm very indecisive, I can't decide weather or not that's a good thing. ", "My therapist told me my narcissism causes me to misread social situations, but I\u2019m pretty sure she was hitting on me. ", "There are two types of people in the world: those who are tired of this joke and those who have a good sense of humor. ", "There is nothing wrong with being gay and thats why you should take this pill that makes you gay [deleted]", "My superiority complex is better than yours. ", "I shouldn't have put her in that position; she's no missionary. ", "I went to a pet shop and put a sign saying 'Chameleon' next to an empty cage. ", "Gordon Ramsay should be Thyme magazine\u2019s person of the year. ", "I just saw a guy jogging and I thought. That guys going place [deleted]", "Someone tell me the definition of \"delegation\". [deleted]", "My dad bought me a globe for my birthday. It means the world to me. ", "I'd like to shout out to the people who don't know what the opposite of in is... ", "Wow! when I heard that phone ring at 6:30 a.m. like I\u2019d asked for from the front desk, it was a real wake-up call. ", "Take away the good looks, charm, wealth and success, and there's basically no difference between me and Chris Pratt. ", "With petrol prices at $3.89 a gallon, it's cheaper to just do cocaine and run everywhere. ", "I may not be the sharpest tool in the shed, but that's only because I work the hardest ", "If I tell you my wish it wont come true cuz self deception is so much harder that way ", "The easiest way to tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile, is to pay attention to who who you see later, and who you see in a while. ", "Bear fights can often turn grizzly. ", "I wouldn't be caught dead dating a necrophiliac. ", "I suck at self-deprecation ", "You know you're getting old when you're watching a porn movie and think, \"Damn, that bed looks comfortable.\" ", "This bicycle shop owner I know is the worst - always trying to peddle his goods to me. ", "I\u2019m watching a documentary on \u201cfurries\u201d on CNN, these people are paw thetic. ", "It was a stroke of genius when Einstein hired the prostitute. ", "When they started taxing penis length all of a sudden the richest man had the longest he said ", "When I was a kid, Snap-chat was just morse code with my underwear band. ", "I started a business building yachts in my attic and sails are through the roof! ", "I\u2019m looking forward to a female, an octogenarian, a black and a Chinese 007 because I like to diversify my Bonds. ", "I only got a C++ in programing class... ", "I think a mistake a lot of us make is thinking the court ordered psychologist is our friend. -- Emo Phillips-- ", "I dropped my watch in the toilet so I am having a shitty time. ", "It's a long shot, but I think I might be able to become a sniper. ", "Women say no means know, but from what I've learned, maybe also means no. [deleted]", "My toilet was stolen and the police have nothing to go on. ", "Imagine being so fucking ignorant that you'd ignore a person's gender, ethnicity or sexual preference and just treat them the same as everyone else. ", "I taught my dog how to sit and shake... He should be closing on the Patterson deal by Thursday.", "I married Miss Right, but I didn't know her first name was Always. ", "I hate food going to waist. ", "Trump expertly... [removed]", "The shovel is a groundbreaking invention ", "I'm not growing a mo' for Movember... Guess what I'm growing for Dickcember... ", "I met a comedian once... He was a stand-up guy. ", "My clothes have hidden creases because I didn't have my iron them [removed]", "I\u2019m overwhelmed by tornadoes, they really blow me away. ", "I went to bed to a cock and woke up, ate a cock. ", "I kissed her lips, she closed her legs, I broke my glasses. ", "If you show me your boob I'll show you my tattoo, tit for tat. ", "The man who invented autocorrect has died... May he roast in piss. ", "This is an A B conversation so why don't you C your way out before D and E F you up G. ", "There is no winning streak in window cleaning. I'll show myself out, thank you. ", "Ever since I had kids my car tunes are now cartoons. ", "Freudian slips happen to the breast of us. ", "Why did the chicken cross the road. Because it was a dumbass. ", "My wife told me: \u2018Sex is better on holiday.\u2019 That wasn\u2019t a nice postcard to receive. ", "German sausage is the wurst ", "If my wife made whiskey, I'd love her still. ", "I saw a transvestite in a mini-skirt and I thought, \"Wow. That shows a lot of balls.\" ", "My new year's revolution is to go around the sun one time. ", "If I had to describe myself in 3 words, I would say, \"Not very good at maths.\" \u2797\u274c ", "I gave a speech about blowjobs, but I thought it was a bit d-motivating. ", "If you ask me whether I'm noncommittal I'd say yes and no. ", "Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is? ", "You have to question the modus operandi of people who use Latin for no reason. ", "I despise Russian dolls, they're way too full of themselves. ", "So a rapist, a murdurer, a pedo, a woman beater, and a racist walk into a bar. THE Bartender says: \"Whats up Bernie Sanders!\" The entire bar boos him and throws shit at him", "I never eat broths; you could say I'm a bit souperstitious. ", "Golf is a game for the subpar individual ", "The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait. ", "I\u2019m not passive aggressive, unlike some people. ", "Am I allowed to ask questions? ", "There's a point to the male penis ", "I want time to go by faster so I filled my hourglass with quicksand. ", "I had a Christmas wet dream that cleaned itself, it was the immaculate ejaculate ", "A bunch of atheists walked down my street today handing out blank pieces of paper ", "Keeping your shit together is game of ultimate constipation. ", "Childbirth should not be referred to as \"delivery\" - \"takeout\" would be more accurate. ", "Hard \u201cG\u201d animated pictures are gifs that keep on gifing ", "I never forget a face , but in your case I'd be glad to make an exception ", "People who use hearing protection are being ear-responsible. ", "Eating more than 229 peices of candy will make tooth hurty. ", "no power plant owner can be christian without looking for hell's practically free energy ", "Fun fact: it's possible to be vegan and shut the fuck up about it Source: Jimmy Carr", "When my Doctor told me I was going deaf I just couldn't comprehend what he was saying to me! ", "A cop was talking to my parrot who said aaawk snitches get stitches ouch im hit no you cant bury me alive you got to finish the job ", "I could fertilise a whole plantation with all the shit my boss gave me. ", "My friend is a gay claustrophobe, he had to come out of a walk in closet. [deleted]", "I have a really intense phobia of negative numbers. I'll stop at nothing to avoid them. ", "I didn't know which hammer to get my dad, but I think I nailed it. ", "I can't wait for my favorite college football team to play in the Autocorrect Blow tonight! ", "Red sky at night, shepherds delight. Blue sky at night....Day. ", "When I was a boy, I had a disease that required me to eat dirt three times a day in order to survive... It's a good thing my older brother told me about it ", "I know I'm getting old because I worry when I feel too &lt;i&gt;good&lt;/i&gt;. ", "'Allahu Akbar' is the YOLO of the arabs. [deleted]", "The circle is just the most ridiculous shape in the world, I mean, there's absolutely no point to it. ", "Canals are disgusting I wouldn't touch them with a bargepole. ", "I loved a Taurus , she bulldozed me! ", "I've just broken up with my gym, we just weren't working out. ", "When I lost my rifle, the Army charged me $585 and that\u2019s why, in the Navy, the captain goes down with the ship. ", "How do you milk sheep? Release another iPhone.\ud83d\udcf2 ", "Why is it called fast food if you can\u2019t eat it in the fast? ", "When the police arrest a deaf-mute, do they have to tell him he has the right to remain silent? ", "I saw a sign that said lost $100 bill, the reward was a puppy. [deleted]", "I was hit in the head by a soda can, but I'll be okay, because it was a soft drink. ", "Even the most authentic smartphones are phoney. ", "If pronouncing my Ts as Vs makes me sound Russian then so Ve it [deleted]", "So today I was reading about pig anatomy; it was pretty standard, but when I got to the end, I discovered there was a twist in the tale. ", "Me and my friend used to rob places blind, because we liked the challenge. ", "Was cleaning out my attic yesterday, when I came across my old porn collection. ", "I'm bad with navigation eventhough it takes me places. ", "Velcro, never buying again. Absolute rip off ", "Loaded a racing game, first thing I did was crash the computer. ", "He was telling me about 'history', I started listening intently only to realize it was not \"his story.\" ", "Marketers for the military really make a killing. ", "I originally thought the barber cut my hair too short, but it's growing on me. ", "Ever since I became a gynecologist I\u2019ve been looking up old friends. ", "I combined all my wrist watches to make a belt. It was a complete, waist of time.", "When you get a bladder infection, urine trouble! ", "After my role model poked my eye out, I couldn't look at him the same way again. ", "People often say \"icy\" is the easiest word to spell and looking at it now, I see why. ", "Throwing acid is wrong in some people\u2019s eyes. ", "I\u2019d love to stop and chat to you but I\u2019d rather have Type 2 diabetes. ", "Robbers, men of steal. ", "The girl wants to blow job [removed]", "I'm going to write a book on punctuation and title it \"Comma Sutra\" ", "Fatherhood. It's a real motherfucker. ", "I would be so lost without my GPS ", "Oriental massage books always have happy endings. ", "If you ever feel useless. Remember that there's country called Pakistan ", "There are two types of people, those that pick their nose with their pinky and those that use their index finger. ", "What's the deal with the 14th of February , it's just a date ", "A Bundt cake is best utilized when trying to get your other cakes into scoring position. Thought of this during the bake sale at our school today. I\u2019ll show myself out...", "If they opened a Barnes and noble in Istanbul would it be a Barnes and Constantinople? *from my nephew \ud83d\ude03", "When they go low, we get high. Credits: SNL, Dec. 10 2016", "The CDC release guidelines for circumcision today\u2026well, it\u2019s more just like tips really\u2026 ", "It doesn't matter how good the soap smells, don't come out of the toilets smelling your fingers. ", "How come when it\u2019s us, it\u2019s an abortion, and when it\u2019s a chicken, it\u2019s an omelette? ", "Throwing acid is wrong .. in some people\u2019s eyes ", "I have a problem with my budget it's not going cheap ", "Last night in bed my girlfriend told me I had to use protection, apparently knuckle dusters and a baseball bat was not what she had in mind. ", "Someone stole my mood ring and I don\u2019t know how to feel about it. [deleted]", "Antelope is opposed to jogging. ", "Better than a...  - Poke in the eye \n - Kick in the shin\n - Slap in the face with a wet fish\n\nAny others?", "Starting with nothing you can either be shameless or penniless ", "DO NOT DISTURB.. I don't need to hang a sign on the door when I get a hotel room. They can tell, I'm already disturbed.", "When a guy pulls his penis out, he can tell what his partner thinks about his size, based on their sighs. ", "A confused Cowboy at a Magic show: \"Yeeeeee How?\" ", "I took a public speaking class online. [deleted]", "The Ballad of Richard Nixon is stuck in my head. ", "You know you're getting old, when you get a call girl to your room and you're hoping the massage is good. ", "If a dove is the bird of peace, then is a swallow the bird of love? ", "In America dogs are K9....In China dogs are E10. ", "Palestine: the struggle is real. [deleted]", "If you can't make fun of yourself other people still can ", "If you stretched an average person's intestine from end to end it would make him scream a lot. ", "Beer is like the sun, it rises in the yeast and sets in the waist. ", "Lonely gynecologists should look up a friend. ", "I'm in a dark place. I should replace that light bulb. ", "I've had a lot of rude customers in my bakery, but this one takes the cake. ", "If your sewing rips, it\u2019s ok, there\u2019s no need to cry over split silk ", "Frigid men don't give a fuck. ", "The government plans to tax the oxygen we breathe. Don't they realize what this will do to the cost of living? ", "There are not a lot of dates mentioned in between black Friday and a white Christmas, but I suppose that's always been a bit of a gray area. ", "Old lawyers never die; they just lose their appeal. ", "Two musicians are writing a song about depression; one turns to the other and says \"Let's end it on the bridge\" ", "Statistically bearded men are more likely to cheat on their partners than bearded women. ", "I didn't see you at camo camp last week. ", "I crack gokd drug puns. ", "Self cannibalism is a big me steak ", "Behind every great man is a behind. ", "I was talking to a North African girl in her native language and, man, we just clicked. ", "The Epidemic got panned in February and became a Pandemic! ", "I'm a bit of a risk taker, I ate an After 8, at half past 7. ", "A 12\u201d dick smells like a foot. ", "Life is too short to be cynical. ", "Me and my receding hairline? We go way back. ", "My girlfriend says I'm too skeptical... but I just don't believe her. She also says I'm too pessimistic, but... fuck she's probably right. ", "If any man knows a reason these 2 should not be married, speak now or forever hold your penis ", "I don't like to call it \"safe sex\" because I can never figure out the combination. ", "Dogs can\u2019t operate MRI machines, but catscan. ", "I don\u2019t fuck clowns \u2018cause it feels funny. ", "I fixed my car because he kept peeing everywhere and humping other cars.  ", "If you need to self isolate spend it with some teenagers they are experts at that ", "For the first time since 1945, the Scripps National Spelling Bee has been cancil...cancul...cancel... Called off. ", "If opposites truly attract, the correct life strategy is to be a loser ", "I didnt want to go to Thailand... but Phuket. ", "You will take a vow of silence on silent letters or people will nag you until you do ", "I you ran like your mouth, you would be in great shape. [deleted]", "A man walks into a bar and says, \"ouch\" ", "Food coloring makes me dye inside. ", "With all the flooding in Texas, I wonder if street performers have added synchronized swimming to their acts. ", "I read that a banana a day helps to keep your colon clean, but I just wish someone had told me I was supposed to eat them. ", "There was a time when screens and electronics were so expensive that multiple people had to watch the same thing on the same screen even when they didnt want to ", "When people ask whats up, they really should be asking whats happening on ground level. [deleted]", "Taco Tuesday is followed by Wet Wipe Wednesday. ", "I went to a greyhound track for the first time yesterday, but my bus didn't win. ", "2 for the price of 1 each so normal price but you have to buy 2 ", "I have the body of a porn star, all my clothes says XXX. ", "Government of Spain announces that during Covid-19 pandemic, popular Spanish saying \u201cmi casa su casa\u201d will be temporarily changed to: \u201cMi casa mi casa. Su casa su casa.\u201d ", "I tried to get the cow back into the stall, but his mind couldn't be suede. ", "The grapes I bought last week went bad. Some people want to blame society, I blame the parents. ", "I think my memory foam mattress is suffering from amnesia. ", "We needed more scenes with Chevy, so I told the editor to cut to the Chase. ", "I have some mood brass knuckles for times when I'm not quite sure if I want to beat the fuck out of someone. ", "As a cop I let ppl get away with stuff like I didn't turn myself in for impersonating an officer ", "This sentence is a perfect example of my excessive, superfluous, and redundant use of a thesaurus. ", "I'm so awesome I don't even know how awesome I am ", "Don't trust me, trust me. ", "life got a lot better once i started leaving the voices in my head on read.", "I would die without hyperbole ", "A soul can be wiped clean with toilet paper ", "I have yet to find a vacuum cleaner that sucks as well as I do. ", "A guy did me a favor once and now it seems like I have to return the favor over and over - it's a form of indentured gratitude. ", "\u201cAt my age flowers scare me.\u201d ", "I had two jokes about prime factors, but they were one and the same. ", "Those new corduroy pillows must be really popular as they\u2019re making headlines everywhere. ", "I spilled spot remover on my dog, now he's gone ", "I don\u2019t think orphans should have a last name. What\u2019s the point of family name with no family. ", "I used to be indecisive but now I'm not so sure [deleted]", "Did you hear about the blind pornstar getting a money shot? She didn't see it coming", "I don't understand carbon dating...I mean, who wants to have dinner in a coal mine? ", "I never dated a stripper but... I never dated a stripper but I did share a pie with a bunch of dudes once.", "I knew graffiti cleanup would be tough when I saw the writing on the wall. ", "If I got a dime for every failed math exam, I\u2019d have $3.55. ", "The people in Pompeii were playing a real game of The Floor is Lava ", "My chapstick is so cool, it's the balm! ", "At the mall my parents told me I could pick anything I wanted, so I picked my nose. [deleted]", "Procrastinate must mean that someone is really good at crastinating. [deleted]", "A necromancer couldn't raise the dead, so he gave the corpse up for adoption. ", "At using Microsoft Office, I excel. ", "To write with a broken pencil is pointless. ", "did you hear about that explosion at the cheese factory? debrie went everywhere ", "I haven't earned a restraining order yet, but I'm not far away. ", "I'm so gullible, my girlfriend told me she got a job at a cathouse and I thought it was a pet store. ", "Serial killers love the sound of a mans laughter. ", "My sexual desires have been getting out of control, but it wasn\u2019t until I spanked a statue that I knew I\u2019d hit rock bottom. ", "I bought the Amityville house but it got repossessed. ", "I had to break up with my bulimic girlfriend. She was making me sick. ", "My friend was eating my salad so when the waited asked what I wanted I said \"Caesar salad\" ", "Tea is for mugs ", "Once all this Coronavirus shit is done with were all gonna be left with no fingerprints. ", "The facts about domestic violence are striking. ", "I've had amnesia for as long as I can't remember ", "The Early Bird gets the Worm. So, if you are the Worm, sleep in. ", "I set a date with some corn but it flaked ", "I love all the flowers, like; annuals, perennials.. millennials ", "A communism joke isn't funny until everyone gets it. ", "I\u2019m writing a book called, \u201cStop Over-Reacting!\u201d and if no-one buys it, I\u2019m going to kill myself. ", "I was trying to get my cows to mate, so I bought a cow sex guide; the brahma sutra ", "The conductor lost his train of thought after the engine derailed. ", "Whoever called it 'Dentures' really missed an opportunity to call it ' 'Substitooths'. ", "If you're worried about your spook level for Halloween, dont worry, the real skeleton has been inside you the whole time! ", "There are a lot of unexpected things been said, for instance, you would have expected me to give a example here. ", "Steve Jobs Instead of Apple, Steve Jobs could have named his company Banana.\n\nThen everyone would line up for the brand new Banana Phone.\n\nOrange you glad he didn't say \"Banana\"?", "I invented a new word today: Plagiarism. Sauce? Say what?", "\u041d\u043ew_I_w\u0430s_h\u0435l\u0440\u0435d_t\u043e_find_\u043enl\u0443_s\u0435\u0445_in_th\u0435_sit\u0435.\u041c\u0443_r\u0435\u0430l_st\u043er\u0443_\u0430b\u043eut_3_tim\u0435s_with_3_diff\u0435r\u0435nt_girls_f\u043er_\u0443\u043eu_gu\u0443s [removed]", "I AM in shape; round is a shape. ", "I have the attention span of a ", "I bought my soul back from the devil for twice what I sold it, working for 1 cent per hour in hell so I dont believe anyone will be there forever ", "Did you know Miller vs Brown established precedent that it's legal to lie about Supreme Court cases? ", "Life on earth might not be free, but it does include a few trips around the sun. ", "\u202aNever date a pilot because your relationship will always be up in the air. \u202c ", "Reading US news these days, it is almost like America was built on thousands of native burial grounds ", "If I win the lotto I'll pay off my debt; the rest will just have to wait. ", "A blind person was eating seafood. It didn\u2019t help. ", "You know you're ugly when it comes to a group picture and they hand you the camera. ", "You're about as useful as an inflatable dartboard. ", "Anyone else looking forward to the next season of Who Wants to be a President? ", "Does anyone know if I can buy clothes pegs online? ", "Did you guys hear the one about the deaf guy? Don't worry, he didn't either.", "The average person has sex 89 times a year, this is going to be one hell of a couple of days. ", "I used to be a heavy drinker, then I lost some weight. ", "Considering her sad expression and the fact that she was covered in horse manure... Everyone agreed that she appeared to had been dumped.", "Real women may have curves, but I was never a realist. [deleted]", "The explosion in Legoland was heard for 50 square blocks ", "A Slut nixes sex in Tulsa ", "New Car It has a button that says \"REAR WIPER\"', but every time I press it, I don't FEEL anything! I can't put up with this crap.", "Masturbation is like procrastination\u2014it\u2019s all good fun until you realize you\u2019re just fucking yourself. ", "The words \u201ccultural\u201d and \u201cappropriation\u201d were taken another language. ", "Elon Musk showed off his LA tunnel last week... it was the most talked about tunnel since Katie Couric had her colonoscopy on the Today Show. ", "A newsman reported back on the ginger convention, \"There wasn't a single soul in attendance.\" [deleted]", "When my date said she found my prosthetic leg sexy I went weak at the knee. ", "I wrote this joke about a hipster, but he laughed before it was funny. ", "This should be a short day. [deleted]", "Did you know 70% of people will believe a statistic you tell them if you put a percentage in it? ", "Where do the homeless have 90% of their accidents? ", "Trampolines are just homeless olines. ", "I tried to tell my friend ten puns to make her laugh, but no pun in ten did. ", "I bought my wig at the discount store, didn't want toupee full price. ", "I DIDN'T invent Fog Remover just to clear the air. [deleted]", "Donald Trump is what happens when you tell a child all his ideas are special. ", "How many Millennials are in a Fortnight? ", "Movies are so bad these days that the average movie is below average. ", "Human clones aren't very original. ", "After the second verse of my song, Hazel regretted giving me that come zither look. ", "I've been waiting all day for the hearing aid repairman to return my call. I haven't heard anything yet! ", "i miss all the absent father jokes people used to make. when are they coming back? ", "Dyslexic man walks into a bra ", "Do Priests consider font size before baptism? ", "What would the world be like if people were equal? Well, different. ", "Anyone that wouldn't hire Jennifer Aniston because of her work on Friends is guilty of Rachel profiling. ", "If I had a nickel for every time a homeless man begged me for change I'd still say no ", "2019 was an odd year, but hopefully things will even out in 2020. (Courtesy of my mom)", "India has this great free healthcare system for people who break bones, it's called the caste system. [deleted]", "A bossy man walks into a bar and orders everyone a round. ", "The difference between first shift and third shift is night and day. ", "I tried calling the tinnitus helpline, but it just kept ringing. ", "The hardest thing about a business is minding your own. ", "Never take rocks for granite. ", "I\u2019ve been in love with the same intelligent, funny and gorgeous woman for 17 years... and if my wife found out she\u2019d kill me! ", "Evening news is where they begin with \u2018Good evening\u2019, and then proceed to tell you why it isn't. ", "Original joke by yours truly So today my girlfriend asked for a raise", "Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do practice? ", "\u201cShe\u2019s so smart I always thought she was brainier than Kurt Cobain\u2019s garage ceiling.\u201d Is this too soon? Well fuck it, he\u2019s always shooting his mouth off anyway. ", "His khakis were too long, so I asked the seamstress to cut him some slack. ", "Lisa Kudrow [removed]", "As a kid, I took as many music lessons as I could until guitar center arrested me for shoplifting. ", "Two winged insects ended up inside a human, and they got on like two bees in a bod. ", "I didn't know the first thing about BDSM until one day I found someone willing to show me the ropes. ", "My friend sold me a radio system with the volume stuck all of the way up for just ONE dollar; it was a deal I couldn't turn down. [deleted]", "I don\u2019t think Stan Lee is really dead, I think they\u2019ll figure out a way to bring him back in Avengers 4. ", "Friends are like snowflakes. They disappear when you pee on them ", "I can't count how many times i failed math. ", "I'd be lost without my G.P.S. ", "I used to be indecisive, but now I\u2019m not so sure. ", "Never baptise your child in a font, now I have to write my son's name in comic sans. ", "If you can't find your beer fridge, it's probably done it's job for the day. ", "When it comes to illegal drug use, cocaine is where I draw the line. ", "If I was an astronaut, I'd end every relationship with \"Look, I just need space\". ", "People on my 3rd floor gym take the elevator up then get on a stair climber. ", "I believe that children are our future, unless robots take their jobs now ", "Sometimes I pretend to masturbate in the bathroom so people don\u2019t know I\u2019m taking a shit. ", "The winner of \"The Self-Harming With Glass Contest\" was clear-cut. ", "Schools are the real concentration camps. ", "If Machievelli had discovered America instead of Columbus, the city would be called Machievelli, Ohio. ", "Is it discriminatory to call old gay men low hanging fruit? ", "Sleep is just death leaving you on read. ", "Im pre-op, nohomo I just need some surgery ", "When baking bread, don't throw it away, if you've burnt it.... Black Loaves Matter. ", "Jokes about German sausage are the wurst ", "Why is it called a driveway when you park there and a parkway when you drive there? ", "Reincarnation is basically social mobility after death. ", "Why is there an L in NoeL if it's NoeL? ", "One thing I learned from dating a dominatrix, never suggest it's time to hit the sack. ", "I poured my cat out some milk the other day; I don't know how it got in there. ", "A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman\u2019s birthday but never remembers her age. ", "Movies Arya or Arya not a fan of game of thrones?", "I wanted to drown my worries but my mother-in-law didn\u2019t want to go in the water. ", "Only assholes get enemas ", "The salesman was peddling used bikes. ", "The flaw with walking shoes is you never know where they end up. ", "I'm going to change my last name to \"Ficialntelligence\" and then have a baby boy and name my son \"Arty\" ", "In New York someone gets stabbed every 52 seconds...poor bastard! ", "I used to be in a band called \u201cMissing puppy\u201d You probably saw our posters ", "Massive meteor strikes New York City as meteors everywhere demand higher wages ", "Saying that this isn\u2019t a one liner is is offensive to someone with a stutter.", "Personally, I watch the ads for the Super Bowl. ", "Hi Ghostbusters I have Jesus in my heart ", "If towels could tell jokes they would probably have a dry sense of humor. ", "Most men approve of premarital sex, until their daughters are born. ", "I asked my girlfriend if she thought my erotic courtroom role-playing idea was weird, and she said 'You be the judge.' [deleted]", "Murder is a form of over-kill. ", "Grenades are just abominable ", "Some people say I look like Gary Barlow, I'll take that. ", "Anti-Vaxxers love Justin Timberlake. They're bringing sickness back... yep ", "They say make up sex is the best. Good thing, because all the sex I have, is made up. ", "Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night. ", "A dyslexic man walks into a bra. ", "I was tired of masturbating, so I told my girlfriend to handle it. ", "I came to the conclusion that I have a fetish for periods. ", "Snoop Dogg carries an umbrella fo' drizzle. ", "Thieves who steal corn from a garden could be charged with stalking. ", "I thought I would enjoy dildos, but really they're just a pain in the ass ", "\u202aWhen the aliens took over the company, there were no more Human Resources.\u202c ", "I'm taking a Chinese class, I'm guessing the room will be full of characters. ", "I've had amnesia for as long as I can remember ", "I bieforie e iexcept aftier c. ", "Jokes about miscarriage never land - the punch lines are hilarious, but the delivery is messed up. ", "I bought a microscope for my girlfriend; she really ought to gain weight or something. ", "If you have 2 choices and you take 1 away, you have 0 choices. ", "When I first heard about 23 &amp; Me... I thought it was a dating site for polygamists.", "Electronic banking reduces white trash. [deleted]", "Parallel lines have so much in common. It\u2019s a shame they\u2019ll never meet ", "Fear those who use his services to sell theirs, but dont fear the reaper ", "Watching Jeopardy taught me to question the answer ", "Obama and I have received over 135 million votes combined for president ", "Obesity Cures Wrinkles George Valentine: supposedly the shortest oneliner.", "I just came to the realization that I developed a fetish for figuring things out ", "With copper unavailable, continued operation of the mint would make no cents. ", "\"Blow up dolls\" have a totally different meaning to terrorist ", "A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other. ", "Money can't buy happiness, but for $10 million I wouldn't mind being unhappy. ", "The purpose of waitors at a buffet is to help you lose count of how many plates youve eaten ", "\"I'm sorry\" and \"I apologize\" generally mean the same thing, except at funerals. ", "What happens when you onions with beans? Tear Gas. ", "My girlfriend asked me to put ketchup on the shopping list, now I can't read a damn word on it. ", "Nostalgia isn't like it used to be. ", "With great power comes great respectability. ", "My blind wife burned her fingers on the stove, and now she feels bad. ", "My vision is bad today, but tomorrow it'll be 2020. ", "They say I'm paranoid, but They also killed JFK, blew up the World Trade Centers and hired aliens to build the pyramids, SO WHO DO YOU REALLY TRUST?! ", "A French girl in my math class said \"De answer is tree\" I'm not sure how much tree is, I think its a little more than a bushel. ", "A Brazilian wax is a total rip-off. ", "I have a love hate relationship with my wife. I love her boobs, I hate her. ", "What does a house wear?......... Address ", "Paratroopers are always the fall guys. ", "Someone once randomly asked me too name two structures that hold water. Well damn ", "David Seaman. He's a keeper ", "My local candle shop burned down yesterday while everyone just stood outside singing, \u201cHappy Birthday\u201d. ", "I\u2019m so old, the last time I used Tinder, it caught fire. ", "If America changed from pounds to kilograms overnight, would it create mass confusion? ", "Decimals have a point. ", "Lost my voice but I'll say nothing about that ", "I leave my yoghurt on the kitchen bench, because that's counterculture. ", "As a dermatologist, I didn\u2019t expect my patient to have such thick skin. ", "I asked my gay physics teacher if there's attraction between us and then he kicked me out ", "I could have been more famous, if only my work had been more widely known. ", "If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea\u2026 that means someone's enjoying it. ", "When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down. ", "There\u2019s two types of people who don\u2019t like Easter. Type 1 People on diets and Type 2 Diabetics. ~ Gary Delaney &amp;#x200B;", "Pyromaniacs are healthier than stoners because they don't have to inhale the smoke. ", "I may not be the only egomaniac on Reddit, but I'm the only one that matters. ", "What did one thirsty sunflower say to the other thirsty sunflower? \"Where da hose at?\" ", "A cycling machine called \u2018Peloton\u2019 ", "Concentration beats the constipation ", "My dad always said, \"Don't reminisce.\" [deleted]", "My wife wanted a new car, I called the dealer, they said \"Bring your wife down and we'll dicker.\" ", "GAP: Clearance! [deleted]", "posting image macros is pretty selfish; it's all about 'me me' ", "cunning linguist applies for job as dictionary editor ", "As a Scarecrow, people say I'm outstanding in my field. ", "Did you know that if you took all the veins from a person's entire circulatory system and laid them out in one straight line, that person would die? ", "A very wise woman once said....... Nothing. ", "The last thing I want to do is hurt you, but it's still on the list. ", "I was going to make a joke about free will but someone told me not to. ", "I remember when my Mom used to tuck me in. She really wanted a daughter. ", "I\u2019m reading a book on the history of glue \u2013 just can\u2019t put it down. ", "Alguna cosa alguna cosa en Espa\u00f1ol, which means something something in Spanish. ", "I, for one, welcome our new coronavirus overlords ", "I have three kids and no money.. why can't I have no kids and three money ", "Feed a man a fish; feed him for a day. Feed a fish a man; feed your fish for like, a whole year. ", "What do you get when you put root beer in a square cup? ", "Spiders are the only web developers happy to find bugs. ", "If pigs could fly, I bet their wings would taste delicious. ", "If the Catholic Church had a giant fighting robot, would it be called The Holy Sacramech? [deleted]", "China has released the name of the first man to catch Covid......... Ah Chu. ", "Is someone who eats too much gluten a gluten glutton? ", "The climate is becoming misanthropical. ", "After Brexit Greece was screwed, no one wanted gyros anymore ", "Someone has been erasing my memory and leaving empties all over my apartment. ", "'I' before 'E' except after 'C' is a weird rule ", "Don\u2019t you hate it when you\u2019re dating identical twins and you get confused and you fuck the dad? ", "Yes I'm Jewish, but only on my mother's side. Stolen from Woody Allen I think.", "Bulimic Cannibal At Rave Throws Hands Up. [deleted]", "\"Well, that was boring ass fuck.\", the porn addict sighed after watching yet another anal scene. ", "You don't know how much someone is worth to you, until you sell them.\ud83d\udcb5 ", "Know why ASP programmers wear glasses? Because they can't C#. ", "\"I'm in a same-sex marriage... the sex is always the same.\" Alfie Moore ", "A butt load of something really isn\u2019t that much. ", "I thought I had road rage but it turns out I'm just an angry drunk ", "If number 666 is evil, then 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil.", "People keep encouraging me to be myself, but that's just not me. ", "You always get high for smoking cigarettes from a drug dealer. ", "My family never appreciate my jokes due to serious lack of punchline ", "How do you know what Epistemology is...? ", "A '5 finger discount' is an interesting proposal coming from a prostitute ", "I believe that a woman pregnant with twins is pro multiple choice ", "The only thing less funny than my wife is a bunch of men posting misogynistic oneliners. ", "My wife got angry at me for kicking ice cubes in the kitchen, but now it's all just water under the fridge. ", "For Halloween we dressed up as almonds. Everyone could tell we were nuts. ", "I started a company selling land mines that look like prayer mats and prophets are really going through the roof! ", "In little league my position used to be Left Out. ", "\u201cI\u2019ll have a hot dog.\u201d Tom said frankly ", "Dogs can't see under your skin, but catscan. ", "I tried reaching for the stars but their bodyguards stopped me. ", "Who's this Rorschach guy and why does he keep drawing pictures of my parents having sex? ", "I really don\u2019t get why 6 is so afraid of 7, seeing as 6 and 9 eat each other all the time anyway. ", "Do guilty sheep look humanish? ", "I heard that Richard Moll just turn 70 last month. I think that is Bull. ", "It\u2019s with a very heavy heart that I inform you all that I just received a cardiac transplant from Lizzo ", "Prostitution is a hole sale business. ", "At the pet store saw beta fish crossed with bull fish, i asked my daughter what they were and she replied, \"its de beta bull\" ", "I tried to make love to an entire orchestra, but I only got to second bass. ", "After my pet dolphin died, I felt like I didn't have a porpoise anymore. ", "I met a confused centaur; he said he felt like a man trapped in a horse's body. ", "I guess you could say I presume people aren't mutes. ", "2 Flies arguing on a toilet seat... one got pissed off \ud83d\ude24 ", "My first experience of culture shock was when I peed on an electric fence ", "I DIDN'T invent \"Fog Vanish Spray\" just to clear the clear. [deleted]", "I like my coffee like I like my women... black and bitter. I like my coffee like I like my women, ~~light and sweet~~ black and bitter.", "I'm a social vegan, I avoid meet. ", "A recent study has found that people who create original oneliners get more upvotes than the people who repost it. ", "Just because you have a brain doesn't mean you have to use it. ", "My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and when I said I wanted a second opinion he said, \"You're ugly too.\" ", "Cole\u2019s Law: Thinly Sliced Cabbage ", "What\u2019s the difference between a bad joke and a good joke timing ", "I finally quit drinking for good, and now I drink for evil. ", "I turned 20 and soon I turned 30 and I whipped those 50 men on their backs ", "Some rude kids on the bus just texted each other \u201cI think that old creep is looking at our phones\u201d ", "wasp is just a prosperous bee ", "The other day a man in a bathroom offered me some cocaine. Frankly, I was disgusted. What sort of crack dealer tries to sell an unfinished product? ", "Tequila, Schnapps, Sambuca ...I'm calling the shots! ", "OK...Who jerked OFF after seeing Jodie Foster in Silence of the Lambs on N***.lix? I mean really, male or female, WTF? ", "With all the oranges that Florida produces for export, none come back...except Trump. He probably wants to be closer to the source of his signature hue.", "The skywriting business is looking up ", "I've seen less of my dad since the amputation. ", "If you're tired of boiling water every time you make pasta, just boil a few gallons at the beginning of the week and freeze it for later! ", "I! WAS! JUST! DIAGNOSED! with bipolar disorder. ", "A man in underwear lead police on a brief chase. ", "\"Oh, snap!\" -Branches", "I\u2019ve got a friend who\u2019s fallen in love with two school bags \u2013 he\u2019s bi-satchel. ", "My new meth cocaine combo called methaine hasn't been selling very well because it smells like shit. ", "The beach is one of the few places where it\u2019s socially acceptable to look happy while you bury a child. ", "You can make your water bed extra bouncy, by using spring water. ", "I don't \u306e any japanese characters. ", "\u201cGrab \u2018em by the... you know...the thing.\u201d - Joe Biden plagiarizing Donald Trump ", "Dyslexic people either go to heaven or the North Pole. ", "No matter how much I studied, I never did well in the school spelling be. ", "Did you hear about the big sale at the paddle store? It was quite the oar deal. ", "I have a joke about procrastination that I'm going to post soon. ", "Hi.. I'm Shirley Temple and I'm a non-alcoholic ", "I'm not very good at rolling blunts, but they're passable ", "I would give my right arm to be ambidextrous. ", "My record for no nut November, i just beat it ", "A girl phoned me the other day and said, \"Come on over, there's nobody home.\" I went over. Nobody was home. ", "I didn't used to like my beard, but it's growing on me. ", "This sentence was originally written in Sanskrit, and only recently translated into English. ", "By putting the correct amount of dyes, coal plants will finally start producing green power. ", "If you lose your tree, try stapling a picture of it to a cat. ", "As a tall person, you've really gotta hand it to people who ask you to reach something. ", "I accidentally sent a naked picture of myself to everyone in my address book which was not only embarrassing, but it cost me a fortune in stamps. ", "I believe Liam Neeson's first choice of username was taken ", "At first, me and my friends shook our fists at the idea of circle-jerking, but eventually we came around. ", "I was going to buy my Girlfriend \"Bambi\" on dvd for Christmas but it was a little dear. ", "The every in 'everyone' is perceived differently by everyone. ", "\"LIZARD!\"...\"lizard\"...\"lizard\"...there must be a gecko in here... ", "Is a snake that's exactly 3.14 metres in length considered a \u03c0thon? ", "The phrase \"I've come into my own\" always seems to end a bit prematurely to me. ", "I see Dwarf births are down to a minimum. ", "The golfer had to buy a new pair of socks, because he had a hole in one. ", "A child is the opposite of a condom. ", "Joke's on her, my fetish is fake orgasms. [deleted]", "Ur mother ", "SPIDERMAN... Just another guy who ends up with sticky hands, after using the web. ", "If all the people in the world stood on the equator in a single fine line that wrapped around the world, most of them would drown. ", "A rare coin collector lacks common cents. ", "Never been a fan of lollipop men, they make me cross. ", "I like hate people saying things like like all the time like ", "I tried scheduling a Psoriasis Support Group meeting, but everyone flaked on me. ", "When you\u2019ve seen one shopping center you\u2019ve seen a mall. ", "A pirate's favorite letter is \"R\", or at least it's true for Pirate Ralph. [deleted]", "At 70yrs old ... I only have to relieve myself 2-3 times a week .. which leaves a lot of time in my hands... ", "Adultery is a sin-You can't have your Kate and Edith too! ", "If I wanted a damn fool elected, I would have voted for myself. ", "I bet you had to read this twice. ", "The professor discovered that his theory of earthquakes was on shaky ground. ", "Life is hard, after all it kills you! ", "If I had my druthers I'd know what a \"druther\" is. ", "You have a face for radio. ", "I'm 100% sure there are no absolutes ", "I went on a positive thinking course. It was shit", "K2 isn't the highest mountain on earth, but it's up there. ", "If stupid could fly, there'd never be traffic. ", "He liked pork chops so much he bought the farm. ", "I'm starting a group for people who love a great bacon, lettuce and tomato sandwich called the GBLT ", "Polygamy is not the one. ", "My girlfriend broke up with me, and now all the king's horses and all the king's men can't put my sex robot back together again. ", "When I die, I would like people I did group projects with to lower me into the grave so they can let me down one last time. ", "Waldo wears stripes so that he isn't spotted. ", "After years of teasing my girlfriend about her anorexia, she finally snapped. ", "A dyslexic man walks into a bra. A dyslexic man walks into a bra. ", "Everyone's brave until a cockroach starts flying. ", "People who confuse the words \"Burro\" and \"Burrow\" don't know their ass from a hole ", "I wrote a song about a tortilla. Well actually, it\u2019s more of a wrap. ", "If vampires have no mirror image, how come they're always so well dressed? ", "It must suck to be a Hoover [deleted]", "I love both my dog and GF equally. That\u2019s why I keep both of those bitches on a leash. ", "The thing that I always wondered about people with Tourette\u2019s is, what makes them tic? ", "Prince Charles finally got coronated ", "I have trouble using nonretractable ballpoint pens. They just don't click. ", "I queued up for a club called Unemployment, but I didn't get in because I wasn't wearing trainers. ", "This is my stepladder. I never knew my real ladder. ", "If you are suffering from telephonophobia, there's a number you can call. ", "I'm surprising my epileptic friend with a strobe light for when he comes round, he's gonna have a fit when he sees it. ", "If you had the choice between World Peace or all of Bill Gates money, which colour Ferrari would you buy? ", "I'm not racist, I hate everyone equally. ", "Two plus two does not equal for. ", "Who knew setting a mosquito free would bite me in the ass. ", "I bought a new pair of shoes with Memory Foam Insoles so now I don't forget why I walked into the kitchen. ", "I never knew what happiness was until I got married and then it was too late. ", "What's the deal with the 14th of February it's just a date ", "What did Ahmed say about his sudden fame after building a clock? [deleted]", "Hope my knuckle replacement goes well tomorrow fingers crossed ", "I was going to give him a nasty look, but he already had one. ", "I kicked \"8\" and it became infinitely large I hope it don't reach under my table", "My favorite sex position is 'WOW'. Its where i flip your MOM over. ", "In your previous lives do you remember dieing while owing anyone money ", "So what if I don\u2019t know what \u201cArmageddon\u201d means? It\u2019s not the end of the world. ", "This sentence is a lie. ", "What's another word for thesaurus? (c) Steve Wright (of course)", "About 5 out of 40 people are bad at fractions. [deleted]", "The last time I took a shit, my hand smell for days. ", "If you have sex with someone before dating them are you a sexual pre dater? [deleted]", "Personal training's a saturated market. ", "My penis was in the Guinness book of world records, but then the librarian told me to take it out. ", "If Youtube would only allow videos in 1080p or higher from next year on, it would be truly a new year's resolution. ", "Sommeliers are really winey. ", "Those who forget their pasta are bound to reheat it. ", "What do you call a fake noodle? An IMPASTA!", "OJ Simpson has passed his cell by date... ", "Red, White and Blue [removed]", "What if global warming was just the result of the rapidly increasing number of super hot women populating our Planet? \ud83d\ude05 ", "Stupidity and apathy If its two things I hate, its stupidity and apathy, but I don't know if I care anymore.\n\n&amp;#x200B;", "Getting stoned while you're in the Middle East can be a painful experience. ", "For valentines day: love is like a fart, if you have to force it it's probably crap. ", "I know you believe you understand what you think I said... but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant.", "My buddy used to date a cross-eyed girl until he found out she was seeing someone on the side. ", "My dog was castrated so that Christmas dinner became less awkward. [deleted]", "People treat me like a god;Ignore my existence unless you need help ", "If I had corona virus for every time I saw a young girl repeating a dance routine for her selfie camera I\u2019d be Florida. ", "The sexual potential of any body part is directly proportional to our lover's willingness to lick it. ", "My girlfriend told me to kiss her where the sun don't shine, so I'm taking her to Seattle. ", "I've heard straight jackets are very fashionable, but they are hard to pull off. ", "My ex-wife still misses me, but her aim is steadily improving. ", "Chuck Norris doesn't need a catch phrase. They need him. ", "TIL Audie is pronounced \"oddy\", and not \"Gold-Die\". ", "I changed my iPod's name to Titanic. It's syncing now. ", "My friend is a caricaturist, but he wanted to make more money so he became a police sketch artist, they didn't catch any criminals. [deleted]", "I've never disabled my cookies, but this one time I bit the legs off of a gingerbread man. ", "You are not sarcastic at all. ", "Its been a great year for me, I made film with lassie the dog. I played the lead. [deleted]", "I'm a pacifist and I'll fight anyone to prove it. [deleted]", "To err is human but to arr is pirate. ", "When chemists die, they barium ", "Saw a sign that read THIS DOOR IS ALARMED and I thought to myself...What startled it? ", "Apart from being human, I have nothing to be ashamed of ", "New born baby has more friends than it thinks on social media site. ", "Stationary store moves ", "What do you call a can opener that doesn't work ?.......Can't opener. ", "Chinese joke: A man named dish was walking down the street when he was taken to be eaten. [deleted]", "Life is not a fairy tale, if you lose your shoe at midnight you're drunk! [removed]", "People keep telling me that I should be prouder of my achievements, but I'm not one to humblebrag. [deleted]", "whenever i hear a song about \"live for today, don't worry about tomorrow\" i call bullshit right away because why did they record it then? ", "Working at a prison for violent poets is full of prose and cons. ", "I don't get the point to curved TV's ", "What is the science of classifying living things called? Racism ", "When Noah was loading the Ark did a schizophrenic person count as 1 person or 10? ", "/ ", "- ", "I need to gettier more knowledge. ", "Hats off to hairdressers. ", "I got an e-mail saying, \"At Google Earth, we can read maps backwards!\" and I thought, \u201cThat\u2019s just spam.\u201d ", "Taxi drivers think they own the road, but really the road owns them. ", "This blonde stuck lipstick in her ear because she was trying to make up her mind ", "I love being a maze designer. I get completely lost in my work. ", "The broken teleprompter left me speechless. ", "The secret to a great Hawaiian pizza is to cook it at aloha temperature. ", "My wife asked me to hand her some lip gloss earlier, but I mistakenly gave her super glue; she hasn't spoken to me since. ", "I used to chase men, but they don't steal my handbag anymore ", "Many photons make light work. ", "What do you call a midget that practices karate? Partial arts.", "I can't believe that my professor keeps repeating the lectures everyday in our D\u00e9j\u00e0 Vu course. ", "What's the hassle with valentine's day, it's only a date ", "I love the F5 key. It's just so refreshing! ", "Paris' Notre Dame Cathedral tickets are now free! ", "I\u2019ve started being a model for a silhouette drawing class, but I don\u2019t like their drawings, they always seem to show my dark side. ", "Well, well, well\u2026 Welcome to stutter class. ", "Deja Poo... The stinking feeling you\u2019ve heard this poop before. [deleted]", "I'm a bit of a man for the ladies regardless of how well the gents is signposted. ", "When my wife asked me if we had a threesome, whom would I choose, I'm guessing I shouldn't have named two friends. ", "Interesting fact: if you read my CV word by word, I'm unemployable. ", "Jails dont recycle cuz they are the trash can for people ", "Earthquakes rock my world. ", "It's funny when broke bitches sing \"7 Rings\". ", "Nor can you book a judge by its cover story, according to Congress ", "\"Yes, and...\" has a much more popular cousin \"I love it, but...\" ", "Horses are so negative [deleted]", "Right now, both Mexico and Canada are bordering on stupidity. ", "After many years of trying to find steady work, I finally got a job as a historian until I realized there was no future in it. ", "Male-on-male rape is an anus crime. ", "I would tell you that my vacuum sucks, but it doesn\u2019t. ", "Horse girls are crazy but it\u2019s okay because they date stable boys. ", "I had read long ago that some Tibetan monks claim to be able to emit certain sounds that can kill a person. In the West we can do the same thing after eating a hot TIbetan curry. ", "People with deuteranopia make me red with envy. ", "My wife said I needed to get more in touch with my feminine side, so I crashed the car, burnt dinner and completely ignored her all night for no reason. ", "I got drunk for a month one night. ", "My girlfriend is always moaning about the price of tampons but I wish she'd put a cork in it! ", "You'll never know if you're immortal or not until you die. ", "I ain\u2019t saying you\u2019re fat but your skinny jeans are JNCO\u2019s ", "Casual fridays are the best, except at strip clubs. [deleted]", "I lost my left arm in surgery, the doctor thought it was right. Now I just wiggle around like a worm. ", "Trump: \"Foreign Policy?, if you mess with the United States, there will be hell toupee.\" ", "There are 5 ways to win an arguement with a woman...unfortunately none are known to man. ", "I was named after my grandfather, chronologically. [deleted]", "I fell asleep watching the Cosby Show and now my ass hurts. ", "I'll be more specific one of these days. ", "If you think nobody cares, try missing a couple of payments. ", "There\u2019s no \u201cI\u201d in denial. ", "You're about as dumb as a football bat. ", "I only jaywalk in hopes that a truck-chan notices me and bangs me ", "I have so many grudges I want to let go of, but they're not dying fast enough. ", "My wife calls me Santa Claus because I only come once a year ", "How can I forgive and forget if I'm neither Jesus nor have Alzheimers? ", "My wife's vagina .... [removed]", "I tried shoplifting once... but the shop was too heavy. ", "In Azkaban, golden snitches get golden stitches. ", "In life you either drop the mic or drop the soap ", "Vacuum cleaner sucks ", "When someone tells me to stop acting like a flamingo, that\u2019s when I put my foot down. ", "You know I love gravity, but it always let's me down. ", "Don't you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do. ", "Boomer rang, told me to call back soon ", "Does Japanese Scooby-Doo call Shaggy, \"Raggu?\" ", "Just started dating a soccer player, she\u2019s a keeper. ", "\"What a bunch of spilled milk\" I cried over to my buddy. ", "Napoleon. Give him the French and he'll take the Nile. ", "By the power vested in me, I announce you blocked and deleted, you may now kiss my ass. ", "I've got things to see and people to do. ", "For years I've been obsessed with eating \u00a310 notes, but now I'm hungry for change. ", "Atheism is a non-prophet organization. ", "If I had a DeLorean, I\u2019d probably only drive it from time to time. ", "I used to love strip clubs, but eventually I grew away from them. [deleted]", "My friend hates comedians that tell bad breast-related jokes - he bosom off stage. ", "I'd like to wish everybody who was born during this time of year a Herry Birthmas and Mappy Chrisday. ", "I need some plant science textbooks but I haven't botany yet ", "Together, we can beat codependency. ", "I tried eating vegan once... She tasted like chicken. ", "I lost another audio-book and now I'll never hear the end of it. ", "If some asks me when the rain will stop falling, I just tell them: \"When it hits the ground\". ", "I had a joke about music but I forgot my notes somewhere. ", "Do not take life too seriously, You will never get out of it alive. ", "The advice \"stay in school\" should really be accompanied with some type of time limit ", "I don't mean to boast, but my dick doesn't just shrivel in the cold. ", "One way or another, there are probably going to be a lot less anti-vaxxers after this Covid-19 ordeal is over. ", "\u041c\u0443_r\u0435\u0430l_st\u043er\u0443_\u0430b\u043eut_S\u0435\u0445_with_3_diff\u0435r\u0435nt_girls_f\u043er_1_m\u043enth [removed]", "If you lend someone \u00a325 and never see them again, it was probably worth it. ", "There is hardly a thing in the world that some man can not make a little worse and sell a little cheaper. ", "Here comes that guy that can balance on one of those long sticks used to play pool... right on cue.", "Trickle down bootstraps ", "a male virgin is someone whose dick has slid through a pussy just once ", "The difference between Capitalism and Communism In Capitalism , Man exploits Man\nIn Communism , it's the other way around", "My Wife says I don't listen to Her, or something like that. ", "pledging allegiance to a country is like saying screw the rest of the world ", "I had a plain bagel, but it flew out of my hand. ", "Was going to make a joke about my paycheck. Turns out I have insufficient puns.\ud83d\udcb5\ud83d\udcb5\ud83d\udcb5 ", "Got out of my car today and noticed I had a flat tire but luckily it was only flat on the bottom... ", "Bartenders are intoxicating people. ", "\u2014\u2014\u2014 ", "I started walking around without shoes and it quickly became a hobbit. ", "Can a stupid person be a smart-ass? ", "The brain is the only organ in the body to have named itself [deleted]", "Military puns are pretty lame, generally speaking. ", "When my tile tower collapsed, I knew I had a case of erect tile dysfunction. ", "Admittedly, things could get quite shitty without toilet paper. ", "Circumcision puns? MoHELL no! ", "My friend was driving along when said that he needed some gas, so I offered him a swig of my Coca-Cola. ", "Worst typo ever is the word miximum. ", "Five out of three people are bad at fractions. ", "You actually kill a chicken by overcooking it. ", "Do you ever get that sinking feeling when you're drowning? ", "I bought some anti-poop glasses, but now I can't see shit. ", "A naked man broke into a church and the police chased him around and finally caught him by the organ. ", "Tiny electric shocks? uWatt? ", "sports [removed]", "Every time I try to buy one of those item dividers at the store the cashier just puts it back. ", "I asked my friend which member of the clergy he would bang, he said nun. [deleted]", "Dad always tried to treat me like he would treat God: He didn't believe in me. ", "I think I have ahlzheimers...at least I don't have ahlzheimers ", "You know what I hate? Someone who answer their own questions!! ", "When two lazy people are playing tennis are there more break points? ", "To all of you wanting more of my introverted YouTube content, don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. ", "I've always had terrible luck with women...My first wife died and my second won't ", "Having coffee with your mistress is grounds for divorce. ", "My Great Great Grandfather apparently tried to shake his executioners hand but was left hanging. ", "People keep asking where my glasses are but I hardly see how thats relevant. ", "Chuck Norris doesn't bowl strikes, he just knocks down one pin and the other nine faint Chuck Norris doesn't bowl strikes, he just knocks down one pin and the other nine faint", "If Shakespeare cooked breakfast, he'd make a hamlet. ", "If someone survives the Chinese Coronavirus, would that make them a master of Wuhan Kung Flu ? ", "I married my wife for her looks, just not the ones she's been giving me lately. ", "Though Honduras is a bad place to live, their flag is five stars. ", "I threw an orgy last night, but nobody came. ", "My teacher said me had bad grammar ", "I've got all it takes to be complacent. ", "I'm going to the doctor's later. I reckon I've got pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis but it's hard to say ", "The Doctor who delivered Sam Walton was the first Walmart greeter. ", "I have 4 kids and no money, why can't i have 4 money and no kids ", "I just heard a woodpecker call me a paranoid twat in morse code ", "My friends were trying to get me to do the limbo with them, but I wasn't gonna stoop to their level. ", "I had a pun about insanity, but then I lost it. ", "Ball peen hammers have very little to do with balls or peens ", "Went shopping for cherries and a microphone- bought a bing bought a boom. ", "Everyday is leg day when you're running from your problems. ", "Kids shouldn't smoke... If you make a big enough fire. ", "The Norwegian navy has started putting bar codes on their ships so they can scan da navy in. ", "I think that saving energy is ", "When going down on a girl, spend time on the inner thighs and around her pussy. You have to think outside of the box. ", "I'm not afraid of dying; my whole life has been leading up to this. ", "Whoever left their phone in the Walmart parking lot please stop calling my new number. ", "I was going to tell you a gay joke but fuck it. ", "I'm starting a 5k, walk for obesity; we found a cure. [deleted]", "Are there a lot of first-person singular objective pronouns or is it just me? ", "I'm so good at masturbation I can do it with other peoples hands ", "Saw a dude wearing a turban at the skate park. His tricks were pretty Sikh. ", "My parents always claimed that having 13 kids was all consuming. ", "\"Here's champagne to our real friends, and real pain to our sham friends.\" ", "When life gives you melons, you may be dyslexic. ", "A good baker will rise to the occasion, it's the yeast he can do. ", "The tetris pieces are all possible shapes of 4 squares [deleted]", "I asked my wife to dress up as a nurse tonight to fulfill my fantasy that we have health insurance. ", "I refused to believe I needed an organ transplant, but I had a change of heart. ", "Photographers are very mean. First they frame you, then they shoot you, then hang you on the wall. ", "I bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago and so far all it's been doing is gathering dust ", "how long is a Chinese name ", "My obese parrot died. It was a weight off my shoulder. ", "You have to be light in order to have no mass. ", "Dracula was masturbating in front of a mirror - I bet he didn't see that coming ", "My mute friend got a parrot...now the bird speaks sign language [deleted]", "You don't need a baby to make you joyful, but you do need Joy full to make you a baby. ", "I like my coffee like I like my women, full of booze. ", "Never judge a song by it's cover. [deleted]", "Everything is okay in moderation, except things that kill you the first time. ", "I've just bought a new book called \"Living with Tourettes\". I swear by it. ", "I'm going to give out secrets of the baking industry on a knead to dough basis. ", "Earl Grey had trouble climbing the hill because it was too steep. ", "It is ironic because people with mullets (that should protect them) often are red necks ", "I saw some self-help books, so I helped myself. ", "I love kids because they cannot hit back hard as hard as I can. ", "It's baffling why Marvel never used Hulk as an advertisement. He's literally a massive banner. ", "\"Bro you changed\" yeah Iron Man died. [removed]", "Going to a Foot Locker at the mall isn't as scary as going to one in a morgue. ", "When it comes to studying boxing, I\u2019ve been known to hit the books. ", "There's a lot to be said for the dictionary. ", "Words with more than two syllables confuse me ", "Yesterday somebody told me I misspelled psychology and looking back at it I can see why ", "Why do the French not have a word for entrepreneur? ", "My buddy invented a way you can eat just by imagining a meal, I said that's food for thought. ", "Why did Albert Einstein marry his cousin? Because she was his relative", "As a deaf person, I am constantly confused about Pitbull's obsession with this Dale fella. ", "My dad said he cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that he may have greater problem. [deleted]", "Never ask a starfish for directions. ", "Veganism is like Communism... They are both fine, unless you like food. ", "I met this suave ventriloquist...he was as cool as a cucunger. ", "what did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two..... ", "ornithology is for the birds. ", "Ceiling Fan One Liners I'm dressing up as a 'ceiling fan' for a Zoom party later on today, I want your best ceiling/ceiling fan puns, GO!", "A dyslectic KGB spy turned out to be weird ", "I'm not fan of the new\ufeff pound coin, but then again, I hate all change! ", "What do you call 100 lawyers chained together at the bottom of the ocean? [deleted]", "When hanging drywall, it's better to screw it up than to nail it. ", "I have to exercise early in the morning before my brain figures out what I'm doing. ", "Sadly, I'm not depressed. ", "When I said I was positive I meant HIV ", "Two wrongs don't make a right but two Wrights make an airplane ", "I've been so stressed recently I've been doing that Chinese thing with the needles, you know ... heroin. ", "How conceited Gandi's mom must have been to name her son Muh Hawt Ma. ", "My family treats me as though I\u2019m a god, ignoring my existence until they need something. ", "I want to buy a bunch of hermit crabs and make them live together. ", "My goal has always been to Iive forever...so far, so good. ", "The waiter thought he'd seen something rare, but he didn't know what the dinosaur. [deleted]", "My neighbour was so angry, he said he was going to hit me with a guitar, but it was just a fret. ", "I'm a bit worried that one of my balls is bigger than the other two. ", "In politics, the ability to lie is not a liability. ", "I\u2019m only micro when I\u2019m soft ", "I tried to sue the airport for losing my luggage, but I lost the case. Heard that in a bar... just now.", "Does anyone else have one of those early mornings where you just don't want to wake up and then you crash your bus? ", "King Filipe VI is quarantined to his jet. Madrid news reports the reign of Spain stays mainly on the plane. ", "There's 3 types of people in this world; those who can count and those who can't. ", "I used to be funny. ", "I just bought some toilet paper for a bunch of assholes. ", "You have 2 feet in your shoes but a measurment can be 2 foots since those are different words and theres no need to screw up the plural of both ", "Man who goes through airport turnstiles sideways, is going to Bangkok. ", "I read that two pedestrians died in a collision, but I mean, seriously, how fast were they walking?! ", "I'd love to know what the media would do if there was ever a scandal about a gate. ", "Breaking a leg during an audition ensures that you will end up in the cast. ", "People like to talk smack about American politicians, but the truth is, we have the best politicians that money can buy. ", "I sat down with my teenage daughter yo have the 'Birds and the Bees' chat. I learned a lot. ", "God didn't do the papers so is an illegal immigrant ", "Cannibals make me dinner. ", "I\u2019m as straight as the lines on a gay pride flag. ", "Sometimes instead of saying for example I say things such as such as for example. ", "There are 10 types of people in this world: does who know binary code and those who don't. ", "I want a woman who is willing to do unusual sex acts, like having sex with me. [deleted]", "Help me I need a bio that is reasonably funny (a decent exhale from the nostrils is good enough) please can someone comment some one-liners that I can use?", "\u201cAm I making myself clear?\u201d asked the invisible woman. ", "One-liner [deleted]", "I'm attracted to little people. Now do you see why that's a bad name for midgets? ", "Would like to share my oneliner about the tropical birds who got stuck together, but it's toucan fusing. ", "The official tree of communism is the redwood yellow flower hammersickle, a tree that doesn't exist and doesn't work. ", "I love every bone in your body, especially mine. ", "I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap. ", "The evening news is when they begin with \"Good evening\" then proceed to tell you why it isn't. ", "Do you ever think the Earth makes fun of the Moon for having no life? ", "I was on the median on this, but now I have confidence that the statement \u201cdon\u2019t be average\u201d translates to \u201cdon\u2019t be mean\u201d ", "Soon Canada will take over the world then you'll all be sorry ", "I got lost in a corn maze and spent the rest of the day walking around in crop circles. ", "If only the inventor of terrorism had patented it they could have raised the price ", "There's no way I'll allow those filthy conjunctions to be members of my Parts of Speech club, no ifs, ands, or buts. ", "Anyone know where I can find a compass? ", "I bet you a dollar you won\u2019t give me a dollar. ", "This girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club, but I'd never met herbivore. ", "Not to be racist, but I like the Daytona 500 more than the Talladega 500. ", "What does the nosey pepper do? Gets jalape\u00f1o business!", "i thought up a song then forgot it and have buyer's regret for the things i could have bought with the money, especially the boat. [deleted]", "If the customer is always right, then why isn\u2019t everything free? ", "Roadkill occurs in rundown areas. ", "I just got back from the Front. ", "I lost everything I own in a house fire except a bet. ", "Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set him on fire and he's warm for the rest of his life. ", "I'll fuck anything with a pulse; I can't fuck anything without one. ", "I know how to push all my wife's buttons but I can't find the mute. ", "I ordered a loaded baked potato that came with bullets and a bong on the side ", "When I grow up I want to be a midget ", "saying you have the right to freedom cuz soldiers defended it is like saying you have the right to animal porn cuz Tor and Bittorrent defended it ", "Stevie Wonder I don\u2019t see why Stevie Wonder was such a good artist.", "Teens who get pregnant are just speed runners . ", "During my army service I managed to kill a lot of people, but considering the fact that I was a medic, I\u2019m not so sure that\u2019s a good thing. ", "Would 100 rabbits lined up single file and marching backwards qualify as a receding hare line? ", "I went to the zoo to watch the monkeys wanking and then went to the elephants and I was still wanking. ", "If you look very carefully, eye exams have become more challenging. ", "Fiber is some good shit ", "If you want to summon a dead Italian, use a Luigi board. ", "Corn-based agriculture is a-maize-ing ", "In life you wanna be the taint, somewhere between a total pussy and a complete asshole Teehee ", "Dad: \u2018Your a unit of power son.\u2019 Son: \u2018im a watt!\u2019 ", "\u202aEvery time I tried to seduce the corpse, it seemed like she was giving me the cold shoulder.\u202c ", "Sodomy can be a pain in the ass. ", "Those funny little hairs in your ears are just cilia. ", "My ultimate goal in life is to achieve immortality or die trying. ", "They met in cooking class...it was boil meets grill ", "If a nun does something bad, does she get denunced? ", "My church had a discussion on speaking in tongues, but none of us could understand each other. ", "Newton\u2019s Third Law of marriage: For every action, there is a corresponding overreaction. ", "Life's a bug. Death's the bug-checker. ", "The B in Cardi B is for Bill Cosby ", "Last night the bedroom was cold, so I laid down next to the wood-stove and slept like a log. ", "The only difference between a politician and a flying pig is the letter f. ", "Someone stole my trashbag full of completely new AA batteries. There was a hefty charge when the found the guy. ", "Imagine a keepy uppies champion kicking themselves. ", "Finally all of my winter fat is gone and now I have spring rolls. ", "Sometimes pregnancy lasts so long, it seems like a maternity. ", "I try to be self deprecating, but I'm no good at it. ", "I had sardines for lunch, but they tasted a little fishy. ", "What Is A Vampire's Favourite Fruit, Necktarine ", "Because of COVID-19, I'm now only going to tell inside jokes. ", "Some people say \"the more things change, the more they stay the same.\" but I say \"the more things change, the more they stay the same.\" ", "Gotta admit, they had a solid plan to distract people from Epstein\u2019s death. [deleted]", "I think telepaths are out of their minds. ", "Drywipe boards... They're remarkable! ", "I only have a drinking problem sunday morning when its illegal to buy alcohol ", "I had to get another knife to slice the cake, because the first knife just wasn't cutting it. ", "If you want to make your wife crazy, don't talk in your sleep, just smile. ", "I truly believe in Science ", "r/fiftythousandtorpedos hits 50K subs! ", "MH17 went down in the spirit of the flying dutchman ", "So I was fucking an entrepreneur on my chaise lounge, pardon my french... [deleted]", "Today we had a chicken pox party for my son, it was bumpin'. ", "I get so confused when I see a car with Hawaii plates, like, \u201cdid you manage to drive here?\u201d. ", "What does cheese say when having its picture taken? ", "People often tell me that I do not take them seriously, and I find this to be hilarious. ", "Geologists rock. ", "I asked the watercraft guy when he was going to let me go back on land and he said, \"Never, this is a lifeboat.\" ", "You could stand to lose 5 pounds, but running a better way to do it. [deleted]", "I can never remember what entomology means and it really bugs me. ", "Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die. ", "I tried to sneak in to a Star Trek convention dressed as a doctor but the security guard suspected I wasn't the real McCoy ", "Santa came down with the flue. ", "I post stuff in the wrong sub-reddits. AMA **Fuck**, not *again*!", "My friend sold me a radio system with the volume stuck all the way up for just ONE dollar; it was a deal I couldn't turn down. ", "Atheists don't solve exponential equations because they don't believe in higher powers. ", "The last 60 winners of the Miss Universe pageant have been from earth...I'm beginning to think it's fixed ", "When the clocks go forward an hour, will I have a six o'clock shadow? ", "Are you from Europe because europiece of shit ", "I took my dog to the vet because he was losing hair on his head and apparently, he's got male patting baldness. ", "debt is a drug they want to get you hooked on ", "If you rape a prostitute is it considered shoplifting? ", "What was Alzheimer's again? ", "My problem of constantly dropping things is really getting out of hand. ", "When asked why he went vegan, the zombie responded that it was \"a no-brainer\" ", "Beating my Viagra addiction was the hardest time of my life. ", "I\u2019m so ugly, the other night a mugger took off his mask and made me wear it. ", "Crime in multi-storey car parks. That is wrong on so many different levels. [removed]", "Two wrongs don't make a right, but two wrights did make an airplane. ", "The playwright, annoyed by his sloppy cast finally shouted, \"c'mon guys, get your act together!\" ", "I tell women my penis is a foot-long but leave out the part about it being a baby's foot. ", "Is gender fluid sticky? ", "Sometimes you obviously miss the obvious because of the obvious ", "Guns don\u2019t kill people....husbands who come home early, kill people! ", "Schr\u00f6dinger's Pussy: my girlfriend may or may not be cheating on me with a physicist. ", "I regret buying my chastity belt, it's the most unsatisfying purchase I've ever made. ", "I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it. -Mitch Hedberg", "It was a real wake-up call when I heard from the concierge at my hotel. ", "It's been reported recently that 75% of all accidental injuries occur in the home... finally, some good news for the homeless! ", "When I was a child my father attacked me with cameras; I still have flashbacks. ", "Bless philosophers, they're so thoughtful. ", "Don\u2019t you hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious? I do. It's well-nigh as atrocious as answering your own question.", "I\u2019m always confusing incense with insect. Last week I meant to meditate and woke up next to my cousin ", "I haven\u2019t owned a watch for I don\u2019t know how long. ", "I'd love to an actor, but I'd always forget the... oh what's the word. ", "I don't have time to hate people for their skin color cuz there's so many other reasons to hate them I must get to first ", "My neighbour's a renowned abductor; there's a sign outside his house that says: \"Trespassing Permitted\". [deleted]", "I always found god to be somewhat overbearing. ", "Moses was the first person to use Control-C as a shortcut. ", "Don't let my glasses fool ya, I am actually really dumb [deleted]", "My addiction is so bad I can only walk when i'm horny. ", "Orphans I don\u2019t think orphans should have a last name. What\u2019s the point of a family name with no family.", "The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar...it was tense. ", "I think it's cool how shoes grow on power lines in poor neighborhoods ", "I like my ceiling. It\u2019s not the best, but it\u2019s pretty high up there. ", "Cure to bestiality: Therapy dogs. [deleted]", "I want my tombstone to read: \"Told one too many puns, it was a grave mistake.\" ", "I removed IE for Damien today, and now he's like, \"Damn!\" ", "I am a self-diagnosed narcissist. ", "Alcohol allegedly isnt a drug so you say drugs and alcohol but you never hear drugs and cigarettes ", "If I had a nickel for every time a woman called me ugly I'd be broke AND ugly ", "Saying Africans are the only colored people creates a real black and white world. ", "Making one-liners about crippled people is lame. ", "Do magazines really have to add \"Alive\" to \"Sexiest Woman\", or am I just grossly underestimating the number of necrophiliacs in the world? ", "Being an astronaut must be a blast ", "People who cannot distinguish between etymology and entomology, bug me in ways in which I cannot put into words. ", "You can never hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom because its p is silent. ", "I like my coffee like I like my women, respected for their contributions in the home and workplace ", "Never play Jenga with hip-hop dancers because they always break it down. ", "Cashew fetishists are fucking nuts. ", "I was fired from my job as a school teacher because Pornhub lied to me. ", "Yo mama\u2019s so fat that her petronas is a cake. [deleted]", "Be sure to pay your exorcist or you may get repossesed ", "My future girlfriend is ghosting me and it really hurts. ", "You know its cold when you can make snow angels in the bath. ", "I made a bicycle just by folding up some paper. It's a stationary bike. ", "That's probably not your funny bone, because this shit ain't funny. ", "Conjunctivitus.com Now that's a site for sore eyes.", "Salmon swim upstream because downstream is too mainstream. ", "Walruses are like Tupperware, they both like a tight seal. ", "jesus came back cuz he hadnt used the bathroom in 2000+ years ", "I got a girl from the park by using my sex tape. Bought it at Lowe's and it kept her quiet for hours. ", "My wife likes to tell people our dog was \u201cfixed\u201d but I just call a spayed a spayed. ", "As vegetables go, radish is kind-of cool ", "I think that trying to cure cancer is a nobel effort. ", "So many people get sick during Oktoberfest because it's Germanfested. ", "If hippies get angry, do they get incensed? [deleted]", "To the thief who stole my clock, I hope you do time ", "PSA don't give blankets the homeless, you're covering up the problem. ", "For a Jewish carpenter, Jesus was well hung. ", "I was Raised By A Punster.... \"You Can't Be Optimistic With a Misty Optic\"", "I think Oedipus Rex was a real Mother Fucker ", "A dictatorship is a democracy where 1 person has 51% of the vote [deleted]", "A guy wished he could suck his own dick so I handed him bolt cutters ", "A ninja deals with fear by giving it to others. ", "It's sad when an octopus marriage breaks down, it's always the squids that suffer. ", "It's incredibly difficult to do something unforgettable while in a nursing home. ", "It's hard to be a glass half full kind of guy when you're trying to become a professional beer chugger. ", "The person who proofread Hitler's speeches was a grammar Nazi. ", "Everyone dreams of seeing a star up close and in person, unless they're an astronaut. ", "My dead girlfriend just keeps giving me a cold shoulder ", "Aerosmith swept the verticle conveyance category of the Vehicular Grammys for the 29th year in a row with \"Love in an Elevator.\" ", "When I bought some fruit trees, the nursery owner gave me some insects to help with the pollination - they were free bees. ", "If you love her let her go, if she comes back she has Stockholm syndrome. [deleted]", "This is literally the funniest /r/oneliner ever to require the word 'hyperbole'. ", "Your ginger was a hair too much for my taste. ", "I just give enough fucks to stay employed and out of jail.... No more, no less. ", "When my grandfather began to lose his teeth he sure complained a lot, but it was all bark no bite. ", "I brought a blunt with me hiking, i was as high as a mountain! ", "\u201cMay cause anal leakage\u201d isn\u2019t a side effect, it\u2019s a hole effect. ", "Shout out to all the people who don't know the opposite of in ", "I haven\u2019t seen boobs in so long they are just a distant mammary ", "People love my dog, Ophelia, until I tell them to pet her. ", "Enrique Iglesias wouldn't be so popular if he went by his English name...Henry Churches ", "I\u2019m forever disappointed that a group of squids isn\u2019t called a squad ", "My sexual desires have been getting out of control, but it wasn\u2019t until I spanked a statue, that I knew I\u2019d hit rock bottom. ", "If you leave the zoo without a penguin, you didn't try hard enough. ", "I accidentally stood on a termite, it must've been antagonizing for his family. ", "You've got to hand it to blind prostitutes. ", "The last time I was someone\u2019s type, I was donating blood. ", "My ex is so stupid she walked into an antique store and asked, \"What's new?\" ", "Reposts are like grandparents. We know they're old already but we can't just let them die. ", "Why do people think you are an employee just because you're in a butcher shop, and you carry a big knife and have blood all over your shirt? ", "I fell into poison ivy while picking up a 4-leaf clover - what a rash of good luck! ", "If you got beat up in school, then bully for you. ", "\"You can say that again,\" said the Alzheimer's patient. ", "When Someone Asks What It's Like To Be Dead? It's like watching every Kevin Costner movie he ever starred in.", "My friends tell me I got blackout drunk, but I don't remember it happening like that ", "I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She said, \"Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!\" I said, \"Wow!\" Then her friend said, \"She means 666-3629.\" ", "If Wal-Mart and Toys-R-Us would merge, it would be called Wal-R-Us, a slow store with smelly fish on the inside. ", "I made a time machine,but it has a glitch that makes it to take one second to take me one second in future ", "When a prostitute loses their job, do they get laid off? ", "Whenever Malcolm X went bowling he automatically started with a strike. ", "Each day you get one day closer to death or years closer if you mess with me ", "If you've never seen \"Back to the Future\", it's about time. ", "Shoutout to people who you don\u2019t want in your house anymore. ", "Incest puns are really coming into their own. [deleted]", "I hate it when i see an old person and then realize i went to high school with them. ", "I don't have the words to describe losing my dictionary. ", "I am waiting for tha audiobooks version of the Kama Sutra. ", "I'm inclined to be laid back ", "If I could have dinner with anyone in history, dead, or alive, I believe I would choose alive. ", "Pain is temporary ; GPA is forever. ", "I tried to start a fight club but I wasn\u2019t allowed to talk about it so nobody came ", "They make movies about Christmas trees in Tinsel Town. ", "An open grave in a cemetery is a plot hole. ", "My dad couldn\u2019t quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually it came back to him. ", "Been on hard times since spending my savings on Viagra. ", "They're making a junior version of Hell's Kitchen called H-E_Doublehockeysticks_S Kitchen. ", "I'm thankful for my fingers because I can always count on them. ", "I miss the nostalgic days. ", "Lecture's comment about a student: 'she's been on more courses then Red Rum' ", "Saw two insects running away to get married on an antelope. [deleted]", "Every new McDonald's creates 40 new jobs. 20 dentists and 20 heart surgeons. ", "My teacher said I\u2019d do much better at school if I stopped flirting\u2026 I immediately got off his lap ", "People are usually shocked when they find out I'm not a very good electrician. ", "Police brutality is no laughing matter, but protesting against police brutality is a riot. ", "All of my passwords are protected by amnesia. ", "Any Restaurant's a drive-thru if you go fast enough. ", "A magician was driving down the street, but then he turned into a parking lot. ", "My wife hit me with a balled up Kleenex resulting in some minor soft tissue damage. ", "... [deleted]", "Go Google \u201cFree Marijuana\u201d for some free hits. ", "This woman came up to me on the train and said, \"Ticket, please,\" so I told her to fuck off and get her own. [deleted]", "Is a one liner comedian called a one column comedian in Japan? ", "If you divorce a woman in Tennessee, is she still your cousin? ", "What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no eye deer. ", "We are truly living through an un-Presidented time in history. ", "If you want sympathy, you'll find it in the dictionary between shit and syphilis! ", "I thought I\u2019d keep growing after high school, but I came up short. ", "When you think about it, the song, \"Hotel California\" is just a bad \"Trip Advisor\" review with a three minute guitar solo. ", "Some German sausages are Teewurst ", "If you think about it, we chop down bird houses to make bird houses. ", "I haven't slept for a few years, because that would be too long. ", "Bananas go to the doctor when they are not peeling well. ", "You'd get a lot of shit from your friends if you worked at the local sewage treatment plant. ", "LIFE SUCKS. I lent a guy $20k to have plastic surgery and now I don't know what the fuck he looks like. ", "Sign here to say you'll never do an autograph again. ", "All I want is enough financial stability to not get excited about finding change on the ground. ", "Murderous physic midget on the run from police, small medium at large ", "I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I\u2019ve never looked back since. ", "I initially didn't like having long nails, but they're growing on me. ", "A woman can never ask her brother for help, because there is no way he can be a brother and assist her too. ", "Is it my imagination or was music better when ugly people were allowed to make it? ", "Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day, teach a man to fish and he will sit in a boat drinking beer all day. ", "Half of sex is masturbating on another person ", "A committee is a group of men who keep minutes and waste hours. ", "I like Jesus but he loves me, so it\u2019s awkward. ", "If you wait for a waiter in a restaurant, arent you a waiter ? ", "Impotence I tried to lookup \"impotence\" on the internet, but nothing came up.  ", "Just realised Nothing starts with \u201cN\u201d and ends with \u201cG\u201d ", "I used to be addicted to the Hokey Pokey, but i've turned myself around. [deleted]", "When the government designs a new penny, the number of government workers that have to approve the design is ten per cent. ", "There\u2019s a fine line between doing coke and not doing coke. ", "I was stung on the thumb while pumbing It was a silent b. \ud83d\udc1d ", "Belgian Waffles are my alter Eggo ", "You're old enough to remember when emojis were called \"hieroglyphics.\" ", "The divers had to be careful because the octopus was heavily armed. ", "I loved others as I love myself and got slapped for groping. Keep those hugs above the belt, you perv.\n*only while others are watching!!!*", "There are no stupid questions. There are, however, many inquisitive idiots. ", "If a terrorist is someone who puts terror in your mind then the news is full of them ", "Have you heard that joke they don't tell to mentally handicapped people? Generally the person you tell it to will say NO if you make it sound convincing :D", "Drugs must be terrifying if you're scared of heights. ", "Someone just threw a bottle of Omega 3 pills at me, but don\u2019t worry, I only suffered super fish oil injuries. ", "I wanted to become a doctor, but I don\u2019t have the patience. ", "Have the band The Vaccines ever supported The Cure? ", "I got an autism vaccination. [deleted]", "People say I\u2019ve got no willpower but I\u2019ve quit smoking loads of times. ", "Every prostitute has a unique selling point. [deleted]", "Isn't it weird how when a cop drives by you feel paranoid instead of protected. ", "Some Catholic priests can be a literal pain in the ass. ", "For a taco emergency, call 9-Juan-Juan. ", "The best place to hide a dead body is page 2 of Google search results. ", "The average medical tools should suture needs. ", "I can do a freakishly good impersonation of a loser with no money ", "The female praying mantis devours her male within minutes of mating, whereas the female human stretches it out over a lifetime. ", "When I first married my wife, she was a glutton for punishment, now, she's just a glutton. ", "Lori Loughlin is hoping the judge will haaaaave mercy ", "I don't see color, that's why I have so many black friends. ", "I\u2019m not passive-aggressive. Unlike some people I know. ", "Mike Tyson is such a religious guy, he punches people in the faith. ", "The worst moment of my marriage is when my wife told me she had been cheating; it totally ruined family board game night. So did her new boyfriend Kyle. ", "Sex addicts put the \u201ccum\u201d in compilation. ", "So a blind man walks into a bar Ouch.", "The Flat Earth Society has members all around the Globe ", "When I was told that I would have to move my entire Lego collection, I started shifting bricks. ", "The Christian God and Allah are atheists about eachother and both are right ", "If god didn't want women to do all the cooking, then why did he put milk and eggs inside them? ", "All the christians I know are going to have a good friday today ", "The existentialism in the universe is just beyond me. One liner came to me after the season 2 finally of Rick and Morty. Wubba Lubba Dub Dub!!!! ", "The local bowling alley is closed due to a strike. ", "DANGER: DO NOT TOUCH must be the scariest thing to read in Braille. ", "I spilt spot remover on my dog, now hes gone ", "My three favorite things are eating my family and not using commas. ", "White Boards are remarkable. ", "P.S. when i write, i always make it a point to avoid latin abbreviations; e.g., vs., i.e., viz., et al., etc. ", "Somewhere, right now, there is a night club where critics are raving. ", "Mentos should print little messages on their mints like \"You're awesome\" and \"Looking good\" and call them Complimentos. ", "Is the Vagina Monologues a period piece? ", "Bike... ...is short for Bichael.", "During this time at home, I can't decide if I'm actually hungry or just bored. ", "Why does Eve get to celebrate christmas one day early? ", "Some frogs are immortal \u2014 they can't croak. ", "How to use online dating and how to create a master online profile https://youtu.be/OXCAZ9b2b0Q", "If you eat only vegetables, you're a vegetarian. Does that make a cannibal a real humanitarian? ", "I had a dream I weighed less than a gram! I was like 0mg! ", "I know it sounds crazy but I can't find my marbles ", "My rice got wet, so I put it in a bowl of rice. [deleted]", "I am terrified of elevators so I am taking steps to avoid them. ", "I asked Siri for a Rolling Stones song. She played the live version of it. I guess you cant always get what you want. ", "Jesus ratted god out about hell ", "I have a broken puppet for sale - no strings attached. ", "I bought some land where two tectonic plates meet... [deleted]", "How do you know if someone is hitchhiking, or just complimenting your driving? ", "\"I used to work in a shoe-recycling shop. It was sole-destroying.\" Alex Horne ", "Don't judge a book by its cover. Judge it by its opening line. ", "I walked past the university of horology, the study of promiscuous women ", "My zipper broke, but I fixed it on the fly. ", "Satan told me take over the world and I said, \"what you think I've been trying to do this whole time I've been alive, smoke weed and listen to billy joel?\" ", "There is no gravity, the earth sucks. ", "When I see so many reality TV shows about little people, I\u2019m glad we don\u2019t have a dwarf shortage. [deleted]", "\"No matter what,\" said pure energy. ", "It's starting to look suspicious - another world's oldest person has died. ", "I hear that if you say Bloody Mary 3 times, the bartender will eventually make you one. ", "Sex on television can't hurt you, unless you fall off! ", "Have I spoken about continuity before? ", "I don't always put an orange wedge in my beer, except maybe once in a Blue Moon. ", "If you have any ideas on how to prevent burglary, my door is always open. ", "Reddit wants to deprecate CSS functionality, which the entire site is dependent on for subreddit themes and customisation. Oneliners is /r/ProCSS! ", "My wife left me because of my obsession with battleships..... It never happened B4. ", "If you fire a gun into the wind, you could say that you were shooting the breeze. ", "I phoned OK magazine, when they answered they said, \"Hello.\" So I hung up, I must have got the wrong number. ", "I can safely say with a heavy heart that my chest hurts. ", "Everyone's a victim and it's all our fault. ", "If I ever get married one day I hope it would be to my future wife ", "I'm really bad at programing, in fact I got a C++ [deleted]", "I can rest easy knowing my insomnia is cured. ", "Tragically, I lost sight in one eye; went to the optometrist, and was relieved to find out I still have perfect 20 vision! ", "The best thing about being apathetic is that it's not my problem. ", "I've just donated $100 to a LGBT group. I hope it helps them find a cure. ", "The groom wore unlaced sneakers to the wedding, so they weren't able to tie the knot. ", "People with Tourette\u2019s; what makes them tick? ", "I'm a man of my word, and I try to keep my f-cking mouth shut. [deleted]", "A cowboy walks into a German car showroom and says, \"Audi!\" ", "Never trust an atom, they make up everything. ", "The furniture committee had several chairmen ", "I just bought a Monopoly set, but there aren't any instructions, I mean, what are the chances?! ", "Not many people know this but I'm pretty famous ", "For some, making friends is the hardest part of school; for others, it just cliques. ", "Reversing trucks for a living is my backup career ", "Apparently, most people lean slightly forward when they nod their head and I must say, I\u2019m inclined to agree. ", "I think civil unions are gay. ", "I have sexdaily or is it dyslexia? ", "My neighbour keeps racing pigeons but the pigeons always win. ", "I just put ham and pineapple in a roll today, because that's Hawaii roll. ", "How much XP can I get for killing the mood? ", "Just drove past another crucifix on the side of the road, got me thinking... why are christians such bad drivers? ", "Being dead is something everyone's gotta try at least once. ", "When I have a terrible headache, I put my head through a window and the pane disappears. ", "If I lift a pack of Coca-Cola over my head all day every day, that would be soda pressing. ", "I have average intelligence but everyone else is stupid ", "I love homeless people. I wish there was more of them. [deleted]", "Practice socializing with psychopaths so you will fit in the corporate world ", "There has to be give and take in a relationship; for instance in mine, I give her all my attention and she takes all my sanity. [deleted]", "If a vegetable was killed, would it be called a decabbagetation? ", "Phones are getting thinner and smarter. People, not so much. ", "When you buy at the second hand store you've reached the point of no returns. ", "Here\u2019s some advice: At a job interview, tell them you\u2019re willing to give 110 percent. Unless the job is a statistician. ", "You cant hate something until you try it. [deleted]", "I only exaggerate once every million years. ", "A colonoscopy is a pain in the ass. ", "The inventor of the crossword puzzle lives near me, he's three streets across and two down. ", "My phone has better health insurance than I do. ", "My friend David lost his i.d.. Now we just call him Dav. ", "I've upped my standards, so up yours. ", "Sexual Assault. It Rubs off on you ", "I was going to make a joke about horny rhinos, but it seemed a little on the nose. ", "I've found a job helping a one armed typist do capital letters, but it's only shift work. ", "It took my girlfriend years to admit that she had a stutter. ", "''No one ever notices I use two apostrophes in place of my quotes.'' - Me ", "Historical Revisionism has been around for as long as I say it has. ", "She was only a moonshine maker, but I loved her still. ", "I made a vaccine for autism, but unfortunately a side effect is that it gives you the flu. [deleted]", "How many Freudian slips does it take to change a penis? ", "I bet conjoined twins really hate Independence Day. ", "A sod farmer walks into a bar and the bartender asks \"why the lawn face?\" ", "I only believe in 12.5% of the bible, which makes me an eighth theist. ", "I'm stinkin'-filthy rich, well 2 out of 3 ain't bad. ", "When they told me that my friend was decapitated I just couldn't wrap my head around it... ", "I've been kept in the dark about how long I'll be faking my funeral for. ", "People try to make think I'm garbage, but I refuse. [deleted]", "free speech just pay shipping ", "I like my girls like how I like my gravy Rich and thin", "My dog is a son of a bitch. ", "My family wasn't that impressed with my huge pickle but to me it's kind of a big dill! ", "Kale is a negative calorie food, meaning the kale itself contains fewer calories than your body uses to throw it up because it's so fucking disgusting. ", "In movies, there's always that one exhausted guy who has to work around the clock. ", "I'm lactose intolerant - I'm not allergic, I just don't tolerate its bullshit. ", "Electricians have to strip to make ends meet. ", "The only idea that flat earthers fear.... is sphere itself. ", "To get revenge on a Mexican steal his anxiety medication for Hispanic attacks. ", "'I see' said the blind man to the deaf man, walking round the corner and bumping into the lamppost. ", "I could have been a container. ", "He's a handsome guy, just like my wife. ", "I will never play another game with an artist, they always end in a draw. ", "I quit my job as a pizza delivery guy because Pornhub lied to me. ", "My wife said she is leaving me because I\u2019m too arrogant, so I told her to close the door on the way back in. ", "I'm pretty sure somebody hid the final paragraph of my essay on a shelf I can't reach, but I don't want to jump to conclusions. ", "You have to be patient to get the doctor's appointment. ", "One a scale of 1 to 10, how much are you a black and white thinker? ", "Please stop calling us your \u201csquad,\u201d Linda; this is book club. ", "With a little luck I'll be late for my funeral. ", "If everyone in the world was right handed, then there would be nobody left. ", "My ED business was a flop. ", "When someone gets something wrong on Jeopardy, does Alex Trebek question his own answer? ", "\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a isn't the worst punchline I've seen ", "I didn't like my beard at first but it has grown on me. ", "My steam powered robot has developed a Coke habit. ", "I only enjoy two or three Motown groups, four tops. ", "Is it just me or are there other personal pronouns? ", "I know its not very PC to say it ,but i quite like Macbook's. ", "Peter Pan at age 50 is still attractive to pedophiles ", "I'm ultraviolet colorblind ", "Cure for Covid 19 accidentally discovered in Beirut. ", "At the observatory thing are really looking up. ", "The Himalayas are like my topography grade, below c level. [deleted]", "The biggest downside to being short is that you can't always tell the difference between strep throat and hemorrhoids. ", "I love taking pictures of myself standing next to boiling water and my doctor says I've got selfie steam issues. ", "I used to tell people I was a workaholic until I realised it doesn\u2019t mean \u2018guy who constantly gets shitfaced at the office\u2019 ", "I think its important for cities that have been decimated by earthquakes to remember that it's not their fault. ", "There are three kinds of people in this world, those who are good at math and those who aren't. ", "I illegally installed an electric elevator and was promptly brought up on battery charges. ", "I just quit my job at the helium bottling plant and I refuse to be spoken to in that tone! ", "I've been learning how to lift weights, but it's not easy to pick up. ", "Salsa is basically for perveted old people. ", "Necrophiles dig up a lot of stuff from my past. ", "It's impossible to surprise a snowman because it has ice in the back of its head. ", "Sean Connery can never ask women to sit on his face. ", "I hate to say it, but the paintings I have made have really put me up against the wall. ", "When I won the Nobel prize for inventing cloning, I was beside myself. ", "Apparently, when you go to donate blood it\u2019s supposed to be YOUR blood ", "Is a depressed Japanese soup chef miso-rable? ", "People spitting and cattle shitting seem the same to me! ", "the young pine sapling was admonished by his father apparently he'd been knotty ", "No matter how much you push the envelope, it's still going to be stationery. ", "Corona didn't pay a dime for their product placement in the Fast and Furious movies and now it has gone viral. ", "What is it about being blind, that makes you want to walk the dog all the time? ", "I'm such a bad lover, I once caught a peeping tom booing me. ", "I tried eating a clock the other day. It's really time consuming. ", "RIP Mr. Boiling Water. You will definitely be mist. ", "Are Beyonc\u00e9\u2019s kids destiny\u2019s children? ", "You're never alone with schizophrenia "]