["I've started telling people about the benefits of eating dried grapes. It's all about raisin awareness. ", "the devil sells souls back for twice what he paid cuz thats just good business ", "Did i already share my Deja Vu oneliner? ", "I send nudes to my wife to speed up the divorce proceedings. ", "It's a sad day today my best pal died of heartburn. I still can't believe Gaviscon.", "Best place to meet someone with a smoking hot body is the burn ward at the hospital ", "Video games ruined my life. Luckily, I have two more.", "I'm 36 but have the body of an 18-year-old.  The police are pretty upset about it.", "I can't believe pretzels are knot bread.", "I totally understand how batteries feel because I\u2019m rarely ever included in things either. ", "While cooking breakfast I asked my girlfriend how she likes her eggs, she said fertilized. \ud83d\ude36", "I tried to write a song about drinking but didn't get past the first two bars. ", "Apple Event What's the similarity between iPhone jokes and every new iPhone?  \n\n\\- there's nothing new in them", "Tried to compete in a quick draw competition, but no matter what I did I couldn't finish drawing anything before getting shot. ", "What do you call a man with no arms and no legs, but can play the piano really well? Clever Dick", "Miss. Dragon was about to give Mr. Dragon a blowjob until she realised it was a bad idea ", "The only difference between lawyers and flying pigs is the letter F ", "I'd suck her dad's dick just for a taste of the recipe ", "'Yo yo'--a six year old's favorite toy, or two gang members talking? You be the judge.", "So bad at math when I asked what's 3 times 4 they said 12 donuts. ", "The Mrs left me because of my obsession with Phil Collins. Well take a look at me now...", "As of today I stopped drinking, last night I got so drunk I blew chunks! Chunks is my dog. ", "When I got pulled over by the cops and asked if I had a police record, I said, \u201cNo, but I\u2019ve got a Sting album.\u201d ", "I was told my gender studies degree would be useless, but I'm already conducting *trans*actions for a billion dollar company some like to call McDonald's. ", "What do you call a boomerang that won't come back? A stick", "My friend said I spent too much time in the fantasy world. His words blew me off my dragon.", "My friend really changed when she became a vegetarian. It's like I've never seen herbivore.", "I hate typos. You mix two letters and your whole post is urined. ", "Where do women use the restroom? All I ever see on the bathroom signs are men and Scottish men.", "When is the first time motorcycles are mentioned in the bible? When David's Triumph was heard throughout the land.", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Yah. Yah who?I didn't know you were a cowboy.", "When I was in a supermarket I saw a man and a woman wrapped in a barcode. I asked, \"Are you two an item?\".", "lPeople are seldom too busy to stop and tell you how busy they are.", "If A-B-C-D didn\u2019t drag out their part of the Alphabet song, LMNOP wouldn\u2019t have to be so rushed. ", "I've bent over backwards trying to teach people how to limbo. ", "Why don't Mexicans cross the border in groups of three? Because it says \"No Trespassing\".", "Pakistani cricketers. They'll give you a run for your money.", "MeToo# hasn\u2019t peaked until tina fey remakes scarface ", "Immature: What one redneck says to another when he wants his chair back.\n\"Hey, you done sat immature and I be wanting it back.\"", "If you want to make God laugh, tell him your future plans.", "Just bought some Emo grass seed for the lawn. It cuts itself!", "Bought a cake for my girlfriend and wrote 'I'm baking up with you' on it.", "Floppy disks are like Jesus- they died to become the icon of saving. ", "I'm thankful for my fingers because I can always count on them. ", "My best friend ran off to become a mime, I haven't heard from him since.", "People are usually shocked when they find out I'm not a very good electrician. ", "I got offered a 42 inch TV for \u00a325, the only problem is that the volume button doesn't work. For that price though, you can't turn it down.", "Pet shop special, budgies going cheap. ", "\"Why did the fat guy say to the midget? Don't be short with me or I'll eat you!\"", "How many jugglers does it take to change a light bulb? One, but it takes at least three light bulbs.", "Did you hear about the prostitute that died and went to heaven? She traded her harp for an upright organ.", "To the thief who stole my clock, I hope you do time ", "My friend got a personal trainer a year before his wedding. I thought: \u2018Bloody hell, how long\u2019s the aisle going to be\". ", "I wanted to drown my worries but my mother-in-law didn\u2019t want to go in the water. ", "What do you call a wizard who's running late for the Hogwarts Express? Hurry Potter.", "Sean Connery can never ask women to sit on his face. ", "Jesus told everyone to like and subscribe to God, and also to remember to click the bell. ", "Is the statement \"Ignore all the rules\" recursive? ", "Scariest part of Halloween? Giving away all your candy.", "\u201cCognito ergo sum\u201d but \u201cincognito ergo cum\u201d ", "Secondhand smoke sucks, there are much better ways to kill someone. ", "I don't trust stairs because they're always up to something. ", "Bet you cant guess my favorite new wave band, said Tom adamantly. ", "What music do chickens listen to? Bach", "Whatever you do in life, always give 100%...unless you're donating blood. ", "I thought my mom was priceless... But the antiques roadshow told me otherwise. ", "I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.", "The first time I got a universal remote control I thought to myself, \u201cThis changes everything\u201d . ", "When Hillary Clinton was asked if Harvey Weinstein's behavior reminded her of her husband's, she said, \"Close, but no cigar.\" ", "I used to sneak out of the house to go to parties. Now I sneak out of parties, to go home. ", "I'm going to write a book on punctuation and title it \"Comma Sutra\" ", "Why did the hippie drown? Because he was too far out, man.", "I woke up on the ground last night, must have fallen asleep\u200b. ", "I wonder if the girls on 16 and pregnant will come back and have a show called 32 and a grandma?", "There are two types of people in this world; those with ADHD, and- OOH a bird!! ", "You're American When You Go in The bathroom And You're American When you Come out but You know What Are You When You're In there ? ''Yourpeeing'' [deleted]", "I have yet to find a vacuum cleaner that sucks as well as I do. ", "I\u2019m so old, the last time I used Tinder, it caught fire. ", "Would a $1,000 door be a grand entrance? ", "It was supposed to rain today but it mist. ", "I find inspiration in cooking my family and my dog. ", "Don't use shampoo or any product that has the word \"sham\" in it. ", "I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.", "I'm going to start a beer brand and name it Responsibly.", "What animal has two gray feet and two brown feet? An elephant with diarrhea.", "The cars of politicians have airbags in the front and douche-bags in the back. ", "The best way to communicate with a fish is to drop them a line. ", "IMHO, the \"H\" in \"IMHO\" is silent. ", "What are the benefits of moving to Switzerland? Well, the flag's a big plus!", "The chiropractor did a terrible job so I asked for my money bad back. ", "If a psychic has sex with an invisible man, can she see him coming? ", "If I had a nickel for every time a woman called me ugly I'd be broke AND ugly ", "What's a thesaurus's favorite cereal? Synonym Toast Crunch", "Why do barbers become good drivers? They know all the short cuts.", "Rick Astley will let you borrow any movie from his Pixar collection, except one. He's never gonna give you Up", "The landscaper thought gardening magazines were fun to leaf through. ", "Buying 29 eggs instead of 30 is...odd [deleted]", "I went to the local zoo but all that they had was one small dog. It was a Shih Tzu.", "What did the doctor say to the angry midget? \"I'm going to ask you to be a little patient.\"", "Speed dating, very different from dating on speed. ", "Today I saw some incorrect flags during a school presentation and realized why I'm single. ", "What do you call a nervous javelin thrower? Shakespeare.", "We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.", "I was going to get my girlfriend \"Bambi\" on dvd for Christmas but it was a little deer. ", "Why is the t-rex always angry ? Cause it can't reach its junk with its tiny arms. ", "At school we discussed the great rulers. I opted for the Helix 30cm shatterproof.", "Only losers spend any time with diets. ", "In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.", "Why are cars faster than motorcycles? Because motorcycles are two tired.", "Best offer: Your Job done First - Professional Craigslist Hacker For Hire [removed]", "My next door neighbours made a sex tape recently. Well obviously they don't know that yet. Gary Delaney", "Someone ripped the pages out of both ends of my dictionary today. It just goes from bad to worse!", "To do:cancel fishing trip, practice putting toilet seat down, teach wife how to check browser history------in your dreams, ladies.", "Thanks for explaining the word \"many\" to me, it means a lot. ", "I bought my wife a rabbit vibrator, it tried to eat my carrot. ", "The share button on reddit should be called spreddit ", "Did you hear about the dyslexic man that walked into a bra?", "What do you call a gay man milking a cow? A Dairy Queen.", "I'll fuck anything with a pulse; I can't fuck anything without one. ", "Who decided to call it \"Social Distancing\" when it could have been called \"Covoidance\"? ", "Two cheerleaders ended up married, they met by chants.", "A rose by any other name just confuses people ", "Statistics show the average person has sex 89 times per year. Looks like I'm in for an incredible few days.", "Dogs can\u2019t operate MRI machines, but catscan. ", "Had sex with a transvestite the other day. She took it like a man.", "Research shows that the Amish have a lower rate of cyber bullying. ", "If at first you don't succeed, we have a lot in common. ", "I went to the doctors with a strawberry growing on my bum. The doctor said \"I've got some cream for that\"", "Without Amazon, the entire echo-system would fall apart. ", "It\u2019s sad that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs. ", "Hey girl, are you dyslexic two? ", "Did you hear the one about the wooden car? With the wooden wheels? And the wooden engine? It wooden work", "I'm not saying the wife's fat, but she puts her belt on with a boomerang.", "What rock group has four men that don't sing? Mount rushmore", "I was going to start a clothing line for short people, but the target market was too small. ", "What's the best thing about fingering a gypsy on her period? You get your palm red for free.", "I cannot help being lazy. It walks in the family.", "My neighbour complained to me about my dog chasing people on a bike. My dog can't even ride a bike.", "I tried to learn the Trumpet, but I blew it. ", "My dad likes to sit in his front yard chasing people off his property, like some Lawn Enforcement Officer. ", "Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father, and you're watching disney channel. ", "When I'm in America I drive on the right side of the road, which is of course the left.", "i'd tell you a joke about my light bulb.. But its kinda screwed up.. and i dont think it'd be that bright an idea", "If you feel sick and hungover after drinking beers, isn\u2019t that technically a yeast infection ", "Apparently, when you go to donate blood it\u2019s supposed to be YOUR blood ", "People think I'm stupid, because I have a lisp. I'm thick of it.", "The computer beat me at chess, but I can sure as heck beat it at kickboxing.", "I was at the ATM when an old lady came up to me and asked to check her balance so I pushed her over.", "Caution: Hot Bever Ages ... sorry, Hot Beverages. ", "I had to take a second job working in the bakery.... I knead the dough. ", "When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam. I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.", "The stall stall: In public bathrooms, the act of remaining in a bathroom stall after having completed one's business, to maintain anonymity", "Why did the French chef quit working at the haunted restaurant? He got cr\u00eaped out. ", "Cashew fetishists are fucking nuts. ", "How do you organize a space party? You planet.", "What kind of soup weighs 2000 lbs? Won ton soup.", "I tripped over my girlfriends bra, seemed to be a booby trap ", "I'm so poor that my smartphone shows bus mode instead of an airplane mode ", "I keep trying to find the sum of 4 and zero but something\u2019s not adding up. ", "For Halloween, I'm dressing up as something that's scary to every mouth: a ghost pepper. ", "Somebody threw some cheese at me in the supermarket the other day. I thought to myself \"How dairy.\"", "I just walked a mile in my own shoes - I finally see where I'm coming from ", "The Flat Earth Society has members all around the Globe ", "Why are Hurricanes named after women? Because when they come, they're wild and wet, and when they go they take your house and your car.", "I get a headache thinking past 140 characters.", "It was so windy on the farm last week that a hen laid the same egg four times ", "What is the difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb? You can unscrew a lightbulb.", "I know my goldfish loves it when I take him out of his bowl. He wags his tail a lot ", "Life is like a roller coaster, and I'm about to throw up.", "Thank you student loans, for getting me through college, I don't think I can ever repay you. ", "If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is it naked or homeless?", "If god is your copilot maybe you should drive instead of fly [deleted]", "I'd give you the shirt off my back to prove that I'm a nudist. ", "The Office helps us sleep because it's white noise. ", "The local kids are all scared of the custard and jelly covered house at the end of our street. I've no idea why, it's obviously desserted.", "I like to call in sick to places I don't work. Tomorrow I'm getting written up at Wal-Mart ", "Man has his will, but woman has her way.", "Have you seen the price of velcro? It's a ripoff!", "I was so cold today that my jaw started to freeze. So I gritted my teeth.", "I spent too much time at the coffee shop and I was latte for work. ", "Shout out to the people who don't know what \"in\" means. ", "How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator?You will see one later and one in a while.", "My friend Jack believes he can talk to vegetables... Jack and the beans talk. ", "Somebody had the audacity to call me 'pretentious' earlier! I nearly choked on my skinny latte with caramel and hazelnut sprinkles.", "Income tax has made liars out of more Americans than golf.", "I bought an album of Coldplays greatest hits and it was blank ", "America is going to suffer if Donald Trump becomes president. You could say they are going toup\u00e9e for it.", "I got the wife a wooden leg for Christmas, it's not a main present, just a stocking filler.", "I don't always put an orange wedge in my beer, except maybe once in a Blue Moon. ", "I knew how to relieve my itchiness from scratch. ", "My homework brings all the Asians to the yard, and they're like, it wasn't that hard.", "I only got a C++ in programing class... ", "Why is it called a \u2018money shot\u2019 and not a \u2018baby shower\u2019? ", "Did you hear the latest joke about Baltimore? It's a riot", "What's the rudest type of elf?....GoFuckyoursElf ", "I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman where the Self Help section was. She said if she told me it would defeat the purpose.", "Really hate my new job crushing empty Coca-Cola cans. Its soda pressing.", "You should know you'll get loud when you start drinking. It says right there on the label, \"Alcohol by volume.\"", "Rovie Wade is wrong ", "If your mother kills you it an nth trimester abortion ", "I just met Bruce Lee\u2019s vegan brother, Brocco Lee. ", "Where there's a will, I want to be in it.", "New Year's Resolution: 1: Buy a padlock. 2: Find a person with Tunnel plugs( holes in their ear). 3: Lock it onto their ear. 4: Run.", "What ended in 1887? 1886.", "Let's be frank here. I'm Sinatra.", "When someone says, \"You do the math.\", you should also offer to assist them in their grammar. ", "Surgeons often have to have an open heart and an open mind. ", "\"Justice,\" \"Hope,\" and \"Charity\" are names that certain parents give to children because they don't otherwise get to experience them. ", "Here's to love - the only fire for which there is no insurance.", "a dog gave birth on the side of a road, and was given a ticket for littering. ", "I just got a job as a street cleaner. No training, they said. I'd just pick it up as I went along.", "Welcome to IADF, short for International Dyslexia Awareness Foundation ", "Friends are like snowflakes. They disappear when you pee on them ", "She had come to service his laptop, but left him needing repairs... [deleted]", "Velcro - what a rip off! ", "When chemists die, they barium ", "I've heard straight jackets are very fashionable, but they are hard to pull off. ", "With all the oranges that Florida produces for export, none come back...except Trump. He probably wants to be closer to the source of his signature hue.", "I should have known it would never work out between me and my ex-girlfriend - after all, I'm a Pisces and she's a bitch. ", "Halo 4: Saving more Teen pregnancies than Trojan.", "Fruit flavoured gummy candy fills me with jujubilation! ", "Is God a myth, or a mythter? ", "Whenever I try to pick up a girl they usually tell me to put them down. ", "What do they call Peter Pan in China? Peter Wok", "I've got my own private jet right here in the jacuzzi. ", "\"Hurt Myself\" By Amin Payne", "The saying, \u201csay no to drugs\u201d has always made me laugh, because if you\u2019re talking to drugs, it\u2019s probably too late to say no to them. ", "I recently swapped my bed for a trampoline. Wife hit the roof. ", "I think I\u2019m balding, and I\u2019m totally losing hair over it. [deleted]", "I had a wonderful evening, but this wasn't it. [deleted]", "The first person who pulled an egg out from under a chicken's butt and ate it must have been really freaking hungry.", "We\u2019ve got big plans at the architecture firm. ", "Time flies like an arrow and fruit flies like a banana [deleted]", "I hate Russian dolls. They're so full of themselves.", "I have downloaded this new app. Its great, it tells you what to wear, what to eat and if you\u2019ve put on weight. Its called the Daily Mail. [removed]", "My two Mexican buddies were playing basketball with each other. I called it a Juan on Juan tournament.", "I taught my Dog to play the trumpet on the London Underground.\u00a0We went from Barking to Tooting in about an hour.", "Sorry I haven't tweeted today. Justin Bieber's new album is out tonight, been standing in line all day to jump off Golden Gate Bridge.", "I tried to make French bread, but it was a pain. ", "I was gonna throw all of my socks in the bin, but I got cold feet.", "So how many people came here for the naked puppet play, show of hands? ", "What's the definition of endless love? Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder playing tennis", "I ground up some chalk to soften the blow. ", "That Ke$ha song, Blah Blah Blah, the Chase she was talking about, yeah. It's me.", "When you go the ear piercing shop, and your card gets declined, they put your ear meat back in. ", "Just found a misspelled word in the dictionary... What do I do?!?!", "Really cheesed off. Every morning a huge German Shepherd shits on my front lawn. Today, to make matters worse, he brought his dog.", "When they told me I was bi-polar, I wasn\u2019t sure whether to laugh it off or cry it out. ", "Becoming vegetarian is a big missed steak.", "The grim reaper has a scythe and the devil has a pitch fork. Is agriculture a major industry in the underworld? ", "Meh. Vegetables which fall from space are only mediokra ", "If I were a tiny bit more humble, I'd be perfect ", "It may be illegal to steal kitchen utensils, but what can I say? I'm a whisk taker", "A cat with 16 lives was crossing the street when a 4x4 hit it and killed it. ", "Girl are you wall art because you're flat and boring. ", "Why does Kim Jong Un love books. Because he's the glorious Reader", "I've got a joke about a tendon but it's a bit close to the bone.", "The up-side to procrastination is you always have something to do tomorrow.", "Burnt my Hawaiian pizza today. Should have put it on aloha setting.", "Working the poker table at the casino with my new prosthetic hand is going to be a challenge, but I'll learn to deal with it. ", "If your brother marries a pregnant monkey then you would become a monkeys uncle-in-law when it's born ", "Help wanted: telepath. You know where to apply.", "My favourite drink is subtle tea ", "Bart Simpson writes what he most believes preceded by NOT on a chalkboard ", "50% of Japanese doctors have Cataracts. The other 50% drive Rincolns.", "You don\u2019t need a parachute to go skydiving, you need a parachute to go skydiving twice ", "My wife wanted to be taken out somewhere expensive, so I took her to a petrol station.", "OK...Who jerked OFF after seeing Jodie Foster in Silence of the Lambs on N***.lix? I mean really, male or female, WTF? ", "Anybody who thinks video games don't cause violence has clearly never slammed a controller down and screamed at the TV as they ragequit ", "I gave all my dead batteries away today... Free of charge.", "I\u2019m trying to work on my horrible sense of direction, which is a step in the left direction. ", "What do you call a woman on her period? A bloody cunt.", "Three people having sex is called a threesome and four people having sex is called a foursome. I guess that's why everyone calls me handsome!", "Whats the difference between a ginger fanny and a cricket ball? If you try really hard, Really really hard, You can eat a cricket ball.", "What does R. Kelly say when he's mad at his kid? Urine trouble. ", "James Bond would be a much better spy if he didn't keep telling everyone who he was. ", "I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out. ", "I got tired of taking it on the chin..so I started swallowing.", "I wanna throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted.", "Does every sentence have to contain a vegetable? Not necescelery. ", "How did I escape Iraq? Iran. ", "Murderous physic midget on the run from police, small medium at large ", "I used to be an archaeologist. But my career ended in ruins.", "I'm a little short on breath, because it has been a long day and I've been breathing all the time. ", "I've just bought my son a huge wooden horse for his birthday. I got it from 'Troy's R Us' ", "A drowning lifeguard is a disappointment, just like me ", "I broke my arm in two places and my doctor told me to stop going there. ", "I have three kids and no money.. why can't I have no kids and three money ", "Maybe Hitler wouldn\u2019t have been so grumpy if people hadn\u2019t left him hanging for high fives all the time. ", "My toilet seat is so cold, it broke up with my ass via text. ", "I met someone online who shares my fetish for urinating on dried fruit, so we\u2019re going to go on a date next week. ", "There is a lengthy article on Japanese Sword Fighters, but I can Samurais it for you. ", "I think the biggest cause of dry skin is towels.", "Have you heard about the evil group of men who control all the world's cheese? The Hallouminati!", "Did you hear about the dyslexic who walked into a bra?", "Don't be sad, laundry ... no one's doing me either. ", "My friend was Vegan till I Meat her. ", "Those \"women belong in the kitchen\" jokes, I find them disgusting and unnecessary. If they must be in the kitchen, who the fuck will clean the living room?! ", "Why does a hummingbird hum? Because it doesn't know the words.", "There is an arms race going on right now, in the paralympics [deleted]", "My father died of exhaustion after winning the Tour de France,I told him not to do a lap of honour...", "How many McDonald's workers does it take to change a light bulb? None, because they can't climb the ladder.", "The cashier\u2019s always checking me out. ", "Fight Club is a pretty overlooked movie. Nobody talks about it ", "Take my advice; I don't use it anyway.", "A midget panhandler held out a cup... Can you help me out, I'm a little short. ", "Last night in bed my girlfriend told me I had to use protection, apparently knuckle dusters and a baseball bat was not what she had in mind. ", "I was arguing with my girlfriend in Nando's when my best mate ran off with the garlic bread and coleslaw. I wish he would stop taking sides.", "I cut my finger whilst slicing cheese. I have grater problems.", "The rotation of the planet Earth really makes my day!", "My friend drowned in a half-empty bath tub yesterday and yet, he was normally so optimistic. ", "They say that living like a hermit can give you crabs. ", "When I walked into my house and discovered that someone had stolen all of my lamps, I was delighted. ", "I dig, you dig, we dig, he digs, she digs, they dig. It's not a beautiful poem, but it's very deep.", "I haven't smoked in a year, plus didn't smoke before that. ", "I called my dad from the shop saying I'd forgotten what orange juice he asked for. \"Concentrate\" he said, but I still couldn't remember!", "Laughing stock: Cattle with a sense of humor.", "Last week I bought a fridge magnet. They really work. So far I've got 11 fridges.", "I was shopping with the wife for a present for her mother. She said she wanted something electric. I suggested a chair.", "I was going to make a joke about horny rhinos, but it seemed a little on the nose. ", "Just spent the last hour tightening every bottle top and jar in my house. That will teach my wife for saying she doesn't need me anymore.", "My girlfriend from Thailand said having a small dick is no problem. I really like her, but I think I'd still prefer it if she didn't have one.", "A thing to ponder: if the Pope uses the restroom, is it a holy crap?", "When I couldn't pay, the cobbler said \"shoo,\" which I replied \"I'm broke, not dumb.\" ", "What did the blonde say when her doctor told her that she was pregnant? \"Is it mine\"?", "People think I quit drinking beer because they don't understand 'avoiding it like the plague' just means I'm ignoring government recommendations. ", "My wife came home from work crying yesterday and asked me to console her, so I hit her over the head with my X-Box. ", "vague ", "I was walking along today, and on the road I saw a small dead baby ghost. Although thinking about it, it might have been a handkerchief.", "I just dug a splinter out of my finger with a toothpick. The splinter must have been thinking \"Traitor!\"", "spicy food is a a weapon of ass destruction ", "What do you call a mexican with a rubber toe? Roberto!", "All mushrooms are edible, but some can only be eaten once. ", "I was sitting drinking coffee in my slippers this morning, when I thought to myself, I really need to wash some mugs. ", "Proofread carefully to see if you any words out. ", "I was invited to a nudist wedding last winter, but the bride got cold feet. ", "Laughing hysterically after your unapproved experiment has exploded in the lab can be grounds for instant dismissal. ", "I have a bumper sticker that says, \"honk if you think I'm sexy\". I just sit at green lights until I feel good about myself.", "After the second verse of my song, Hazel regretted giving me that come zither look. ", "What do you call a wrestler in a hurry? The overtaker.", "I\u2019m gonna name my son after my grandpa, which will be unique because you don\u2019t hear about many kids named Grandpa. ", "You feel stuck with your debt..If you can't budge it.", "Saw a bud's tweet saying \"spending The night with my girl\" I chuckled to myself because that movie SUCKED.", "I have a pet peeve about hearing other's pet peeves.", "Lecturer: \"have any of you heard of pavlov's dogs?\" Student: \"... It rings a bell.\" ", "You'd think that atoms bonding with other atoms would mean they're being friendly, but really they steal each other's electrons. How ionic.", "What happens to lawyers after they die? They lie still.", "I asked a Frenchman if he played video games. He said \"wii\".", "Crashed my dads new car into a lemon tree! He's still bitter about it", "Did you hear about the pizza boy who wanted to become a comedian? His jokes were cheesy, but his delivery was amazing!", "Maybe if we start telling people the brain is an app they will start using it. ", "If you want flattery girls, I'm your man. I have a steam roller ready to use.", "I love the F5 key. It's just so refreshing! ", "German sausages. They're the Wurst.", "Every once in a while, it's important to show my kids who's boss. (I do this by pointing to my wife.)", "After a moment of reflection, I realised moonlight is actually sunlight. ", "Did you hear about the angry pancake? He just flipped.", "Plungers are like back-ups. Always make sure you have one, not that you need one", "Corn always finds a way to slide into my BMs. ", "I know an old woman who says she gave Albert Einstein a handjob. What a stroke of genius. ", "I\u2019ve told you a million times not to exaggerate! ", "A dwarf walked into a library and asked for a book on irony. The librarian said \"Yes, it's on the top shelf\"", "Just because your a parent, doesn't mean you have to be lame.", "Tell me why you've taken a vow of silence. ", "Tickling: Like being raped, but you're forced to laugh.", "Rebecca Black's Friday: a heartwarming song about a mentally retarded girl learning her days of the week.", "Where are average things manufactured? The satisfactory.", "Ahh steak puns, that\u2019s a rare medium well done ", "A jury of my peers found that you did not just ask me that question [deleted]", "How many ants does it take to rent a house? Ten ants", "How much room is needed to grow funghi? As Muchroom as possible.", "Some people need a pat on the back... off a cliff ", "How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.", "we all come from inbreeders since there was a first living cell on Eart ", "Yesterday I had a brief encounter with a lady in an underwear store. ", "Biology grows on you.", "What did the pirate do after his parrot bit off his genitals? He got a woodpecker.", "If I ever find out the name of the surgeon that screwed up my limb transplant, I'll kill him with my bear hands! ", "When I get home late from the pub.I'm going to give my wife a right good listening to.", "If towels could tell jokes they would probably have a dry sense of humor. ", "Since Hooters will be doing only delivery they are considering changing their name to Knockers ", "Cartoons produced by the Japanese government are animes of the state. ", "You can't run from your problems forever. Eventually, you'll have to take a car or a plane.", "I'm open to smoking pot, but cocaine is where I draw the line. ", "Life is like a penis - simple, relaxed and hanging free. It's women who make it hard.", "Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's time consuming.", "What do sperm and politicians have in common? About 1 in every 500 or 600 million have a chance at becoming human.", "Prostitutes try to get the most out of their clients. [deleted]", "Sean Connery is 84 Roger Moore is 87 Pierce Brosnan is 61 Daniel Craig is 47Ooh yeah. I'm really into Bond age.", "Got fired from the market for being too violent. All I did was put out a sign that said, \"take lettuce from top of pile or heads will roll!\"", "What do you call a black man who fixes your toilet? You call him a plumber you racist!", "I met the man who invented windowsills. What a ledge.", "It must be difficult to judge a wet t-shirt contest. I saw one and all the t-shirts looked equally wet.", "3 men are on a boat. They have 4 cigars, but nothing to light them with. They throw a cigar overboard and the boat becomes a cigar lighter.", "\"What do cannibals like to eat on St. Patrick's Day? Corn Beef and Cabbage Patch Dolls!\"", "I used to love strip clubs, but eventually I grew away from them. [deleted]", "Nobody in their right mind would vote Labour. ", "The better the porn the less you watch. ", "I can't believe my best friend has died doing what he loved. He was a respected and popular skydiver. Really down to earth guy.", "Got this book about Zero Gravity, now i cant put it down. ", "He played the drums until he got it right but he never could realised how his hardwork would make neighbours call the police ", "I can\u2019t remember the last time I forgot something. ", "Just went to the restaurant Galaxy Buffet, and I must say a meteor and more expansive selection of food I've never seen! ", "It's like what my friend with a speech impediment used to say: easier done than said [deleted]", "An army veteran rolls into alcoholics anonymous. ", "People that trust the police are pig-ignorant. ", "Considering her sad expression and the fact that she was covered in horse manure... Everyone agreed that she appeared to had been dumped.", "What do they call spiders in the Middle East? Iraqnids", "My sister has a new job, but it's hard to say what she does. She sells sea shells on the seashore.", "Police are looking for a mugger who threatens his victims with a lit match. They need to catch him before he strikes again.", "I hate all this terrorist bollocks! Gone are the days when you could look at an unattended bag on the tube and think, I'll fucking have that!", "Sometimes I forget how to spell a word and I change the entire sentence just to avoid using that word.", "I'm going to open a parachute company. Because anyone who would complain about my product is already dead.", "Grindr isn't an app for ordering hot meatball sandwiches, but it did help me find a sub ", "Mountains aren\u2019t just funny, they\u2019re hill areas. ", "When Noah was loading the Ark did a schizophrenic person count as 1 person or 10? ", "Sucking his dick in the morning, call that shit a head start. ", "I just want people to accept who I pretend I am", "I'm quitting eating these Thanksgiving leftovers; cold turkey.", "They say the best way to make a cup of tea is to agitate the bag. So I poke the mrs and say put the kettle on fatty.", "My mother never realized the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch. ", "My girlfriend changed after she became a vegetarian. It's like I've never seen herbivore.", "There are two fish in a tank. One turns to the other and says, \"Do you know how to drive this thing?\"", "In honor of GovSchwarzenegger's AMA here is my favorite one liner from him.... \"So you want to be a farmer\".. (Kicks bad guy in nuts) ...\"Here are a couple of acres\"", "How a pessimist counts his blessings, \"10..9..8..7..\"", "Does the name Pavlov ring a bell? ", "Hey just remember, your mood never means doom, unless it\u2019s spelled backwards ", "\"GAP: Clearance!\" ", "How many people who are terrible at telling jokes, does it take to change a light bulb? To get to the other side.", "Lad asks Granny \"Have you seen my pills,they were labelled LSD?\" Granny replies \"fook the pills, have you seen the dragons in the kitchen?!\"", "You so ugly even a basilisk couldn't look you in the eye.", "Tapas is Spanish for \"not enough food.\" ", "Britain has won the Davis Cup for the first time since 1936. Coincidentally, that's the last time anyone gave a fuck.", "How scary would it be if the voice inside your head stopped working? ", "I think it's fair when you have your own ferris wheel. ", "I knew I was going to fail my maths test when I entered the classroom, so I did a 360 and left. ", "How does a dog catcher get paid? By the pound.", "Yo mama is so desperate she had sex with me!", "I broke my pinky today. It hurts, But on the other hand, I'm just fine.", "Why is it always a good idea to pack asparagus when you go camping? In case your other agus breaks. ", "From the moment I met her I knew she\u2019d be a keeper I think it was the jars of honey that gave it away", "Carpe Diem is Latin for YOLO! ", "I was talking to a girl South African girl in her native language and, man, we just clicked. [deleted]", "My sister told me its ok to get dirty, as long as we\u2019re in the shower. ", "Great minds don't think alike, great minds just think.", "Back in my day, blowing a tranny was car trouble. ", "you cant fire me for my religious belief that Im better than others ", "Some frogs are immortal \u2014 they can't croak. ", "My friend told me he was going to dress up as a small island off the coast of Italy so I told him \"don't be Sicily\" ", "After a weathermen was in a horrible accident breaking both arms and legs, he had to call from the hospital about the four casts. ", "Went to open mic night and it was just some dude talking about his life.", "It's important to remind cities that have been decimated by earthquakes that it's not their fault. ", "What do a vaccuum cleaner and an Iraqi Tank have in common? They both suck.", "I recently decided to sell my vacuum as all it was doing was gathering dust ", "My dentist reminded me of my wife's sensitive gag reflex. We laughed and laughed. Then I remembered that my wife and I have different dentists.", "While driving the car on a cross country trip I decided to lose 120 pounds of ugly fat... I left my wife at a rest stop...", "Someone tried to sell me a casket, that's the last thing I need. ", "A guy wished he could suck his own dick so I handed him bolt cutters ", "I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.", "Where do prostitutes go for recycling? The Virgin Islands.", "You think living on the streets is bad? I'm from the sidewalk. Stepped on a crack and grew up motherless.", "Playing tennis here against a Bob Marley impersonator, its only the first set but it's already one love. ", "I don't know why anyone would ever want a pocket calculator.. It's really easy to count how many pockets I've got.", "Did you hear about the constipated accountant? He couldn't budget.", "You know your out of shape when you get exhausted trying to get a gym membership.", "Accordion to a recent survey, replacing words with the names of musical instruments in a sentence often goes undetected.", "Why are wrong numbers never busy?", "If opposites truly attract, the correct life strategy is to be a loser ", "About 5 out of 4 people are bad at fractions. ", "I\u2019m going to design decorative sleeves that go over women\u2019s handbags and call them, \u2018Hot Purse Suits\u2019. ", "If I got 5 cents for every time someone said \"I love you\", I'd have 5 cents. Thanks mom. ", "It doesn't matter how good the soap smells, don't come out of the toilets smelling your fingers. ", "If I had a penny for every time someone used an annoying analogy I could buy my own island ", "If dentists make money from rotten teeth, why should we buy toothpaste 8 out of 10 dentists recommend ? ", "I removed IE for Damien today, and now he's like, \"Damn!\" ", "A dyslexic man walks into a bra. ", "My wife said she was leaving me because of my obsession with \"The Monkeys\". I thought she was joking, then I saw her face.", "I lost count of how many virginities I still have after losing my nose virginity. ", "Nostalgia isn\u2019t what it used to be. ", "The four-foot tall clansman was a little racist. ", "If Wonder Woman used her own yeast to bake bread, it would be wonder bread. ", "I've struggled with direct objects ever since the whom. ", "The only person Trump cares about is the president of the Virgin Islands! ", "I went to the barbers and asked for a short cut. He said, I suggest taking the M1 ", "Got the missus a new bag and a new belt for Valentines Day. She'll be made up! The hoovers as good as new now.", "What did the homeless man get for Christmas? Frostbite.", "\"Two Mexicans walk into a bar. One of them goes \"Dios Mio that bar hurt!\"", "It\u2019s nice to be important but it\u2019s more important to be nice. ", "Why are hurricanes names after women? Because at first they are wet and wild, then take your home and cars away.", "I leave my yoghurt on the kitchen bench, because that's counterculture. ", "Kinstipation: the painful inability to get visiting relatives out.", "Did ya ever hear the one about the Laughing Strangler? Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha, well, it'll kill ya... ", "Be nice to toilets. The amount of shit they have to deal with everyday makes them stressed enough. ", "When I first heard about 23 &amp; Me... I thought it was a dating site for polygamists.", "The shooter in Orlando shot up a nightclub, we know it was malevolent because everybody already had their hands up. [deleted]", "Admitting you have a problem is the first step to me saying \u201c Ha! I told you so.\u201d [deleted]", "If vampires have no mirror image, how come they're always so well dressed? ", "My mate Sid's been a victim of ID theft. He's now called 'S'", "I try to be self deprecating, but I'm no good at it. ", "Say what you will about the Ten Commandments, you must always come back to the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them.", "I can count all the women I've slept with on one hook. ", "A pirate walks into a bar and it was at that moment that he realized that his patch was on the wrong eye. ", "The truth hurts, not as much as jumping on a bicycle with the seat missing, but it does hurt!!! ", "I\u2019ve been in love with the same intelligent, funny and gorgeous woman for 17 years... and if my wife found out she\u2019d kill me! ", "There\u2019s a fine line between doing coke and not doing coke. ", "What's the difference between Bill Cosby and a Rap artist? The art", "Sometimes I laugh so much that a bit of wee comes out. It's really starting to worry me..Why is wee coming out of my mouth?", "an anarchist leader rules the unruled ", "There's a 'k' in dark and not a 'c' because you can't see in the dark. ", "A volcano is just a pessimist volca. ", "What's the rudest type of Elf? The GofuckyoursELF", "Don't know why my fishing buddy is afraid of Covid. He never catches anything. ", "\"If you want to see a comic strip, you should see me in the shower.\"", "My boss asked me if I knew what plagarism was. I said Yep, copy that. ", "Maze addicts are hard to find. ", "I just give enough fucks to stay employed and out of jail.... No more, no less. ", "There are a plenty of fish in the sea is not a saying if you live near the Dead Sea. ", "I'm gonna start a programmers band called \"Panic! at the Kernel\" ", "My friend said he didn't understand cloning. I said \"That makes two of us\" ", "Does working for UPS make you a professional boxer? ", "Daily Mail: the Devil's kindling [removed]", "You know, sometime after my supposed birth, the whole thing was found to be a hoax. ", "Ugly birds are just like shopping at Pound Stretcher. You wanna be in and out quickly, before your mates see you!", "Weaving $100 bills into a belt is a waist of money. ", "I've got 5g in my bathroom, not the internet but a spinning toilet with that much G-force to get the poop out fast ", "My son told me that blueberry was his least favorite, but traffic jam is mine. ", "2 + 2 is 4 - 1 = 3 ", "This joke is so dark that I hope it doesn't get shot by the police.", "What do men from New Zealand think about every 10 seconds 6", "Why I donate sperm instead of blood? I MAKE lives not save them. And you know, other stuff.", "I hate it when homeless people shake their change cups at me. I get it, you have more money than me. No need to be a dick about it.", "Boomer rang, told me to call back soon ", "ONN: Handmade Anti-Obama Sign Currently Frontrunner for Republican Presidential Nomination. \"NoBama!\"", "I can never remember the number after three, I\u2019m really fourgetful. ", "Guess who I bumped into in specsavers the other day. Everyone!", "What's the difference between light and hard? You can sleep with a light on", "Mould isn't just important, it's a must. ", "I'm don't know the purpose of a mosquito, I just know it sucks ", "Nothing embarrasses a psychic more than throwing them a surprise party.", "Just in time for this Christmas, stores are now stocking French Army knives, featuring 6 corkscrews and a white flag. [deleted]", "My wife got mad at me because I\u2019m bad with directions so I packed up my stuff and right ", "Hallmark Card: \"I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're still here.\"", "My news years resolution is to save up and buy a velcro wall..and I plan on sticking to it!", "Celery is 95% water and 100% not pizza. ", "The first time I had sex was in the rear of a greyhound; the bus was empty except for me and the driver...and the dog. ", "My family are worried about my addiction to dot to dot puzzles. It's ok though, I know where to draw the line", "I was going to tell you a gay joke but fuck it. ", "I am terrified of elevators so I am taking steps to avoid them. ", "\u201cAlways double check your internet quotes\u201d \u2014Lincoln ", "I bought my wig at the discount store, didn't want toupee full price. ", "Only assholes get enemas ", "Why are all dumb blonde jokes one-liners? So men will understand them.", "I'm going to the doctor's later. I reckon I've got pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis but it's hard to say ", "After years of marriage I finally found my wife's G-spot. Her younger sister has it.", "My new thesaurus is terrible. It's also terrible.", "Breaking News Adam Johnson is set to sign for Man United, after hearing they have players Young, Blind and Keane.", "Once upon a time I accidentialy smashed my face in the keyboard and wrote the 5th Twighlight book.", "I'm going to order a pizza and act confused when it arrives. 'for Chase? Chase is DEAD! He died ordering a pizza in this house 10 years ago!", "If there's one thing I can't stand, it's intolerance.", "Viagra now comes in a nasal spray for dickheads. ", "Why didn't BARCA didn't have breakfast today? Answer: They 8 2 much last night. T__T ", "Im saving up for a piggy bank. [deleted]", "Trying to find a quiet place to read, in my house, is like walking around on the sun, looking for shade. ", "60% of boobs might make you jump. ", "All generalizations are false.", "My wife broke up with me recently because I'm a compulsive gambler. All I can think about is how to win her back.", "terrorists took a courthouse full of lawyers hostage.\nThey threatened to release one every hour unless their demands were met.", "Computer programmers don't byte, they nybble a bit.", "What has a whole bunch of little balls and screws old ladies? A bingo machine.", "Yes sir, it fits like a glove, but I actually ordered a shirt. ", "My family never appreciate my jokes due to serious lack of punchline ", "Why are all blonde jokes one-liners? So men can understand them.", "There is no going back, once you are in retreat. ", "Feminine hygiene jokes are the lowest form of humor - period. ", "Hard to tell if people are interested in joining my Sarcasm Club or not\u2026 ", "Why does a flamingo lift up one leg? Because if it lifted both it would fall over.", "Stop using a fork to eat peanut butter out of the jar and use a spoon like everyone else you heathen!!! ", "I have a fear of speed bumps..but I'm slowly getting over it.", "Original joke by yours truly So today my girlfriend asked for a raise", "Check this one out:1.", "Butterflies are not what they used to be.", "The most confusing time to suddenly go deaf would be during a moment of silence. You\u2019d be like \u201cWow, is this going to last forever?\u201d ", "My goldfish are named Major, Minor, Dorian, Lydian, and Diminished, and I can only tell them apart by their scales. ", "Rene Descartes went into a bar and ordered a beer. When he finished the bartender asked \"Would you like another?\" Descartes replied \"I think not.\" And he disappeared! ", "After eating a foal my voice got a little horse ", "Ireland is a rich country because its capital is always Dublin. [deleted]", "A baby seal walks in to a club ", "I just opened a kitchen cupboard and loads of Omega 3 capsules fell on my head. I'm alright though, just some superfishoil injuries.", "I had to shut down my lesbian poultry dating agency. I was struggling to make hens meet.", "My girlfriend broke up with me, and now all the king's horses and all the king's men can't put my sex robot back together again. ", "Vulva: a Swedish car that's due for a cervix Credit to Stephen Fry for this one", "What did the thermometer say to the graduated cylinder? \"You may have graduated but I've got hundreds of degrees\"", "Did you hear about the elf that got pick-pocketed? How could anyone stoop so low?", "Even the weakest person can hold hundreds of pounds of air on their head at normal 15 pounds per square inch ", "The Early Bird gets the Worm. So, if you are the Worm, sleep in. ", "I've heard a rumour that Cadburys is bringing out an oriental chocolate bar? Could be a Chinese Wispa.", "My wife is going to the hair salon today. For the next few hours I'll be practising my reaction.", "Comedy is a fucking joke ", "What's the best thing about being black? Not having to listen to awful dad jokes.", "Bill Burr is a pretty cool comedian. ", "My wife dresses to kill! Unfortunately she cooks the same.", "My deep sea diving business has gone under. ", "Today I have officially been sober for 100 days. Not like, in a row or anything. Just in total.", "Behind every successful man, there's a surprised woman.", "I bought some new shoes and one of then isn't right. ", "When my brother was born the Doctor turned him over and said, \"Hey look, Twins!!!\" ", "The fire safety slogan for a skydiving class is just drop. ", "I was hired to grow this fertilizer company and I've got this shit in the bag! ", "Yo mama is so old she has a picture of Jesus in her yearbook.", "Physicians who amputate as a first resort are in shorter and shorter supply. ", "A plateau is the highest form of flattery.", "Clouds are just sheep in the skies. ", "What do you call someone who points out the obvious? Someone who points out the obvious.", "I could never cheat in a relationship, because that would require two people to find me attractive. ", "I don't believe in the afterlife, but I Brang a pair of clothes, just in case.", "\u201cI have a split personality,\u201d said Mike, being frank ", "What happened to the fly that sat on the toilet seat? He got pissed off.", "Won the lottery for a million dollars today so I decided to donate a quarter of it to charity. I now have $999,999.75", "Is it better to have loved a midget, than never to have loved a tall?", "My friend recently was crushed by a pile of books, but he only has his shelf to blame. ", "Why doesn't Mike Tyson play Playstation? He's an Xboxer.", "Just bought a 12-ounce pound cake. How does That work?!", "How are Bungee jumping and visiting a prostitute alike? If the rubber breaks, you're dead.", "My local bakery have started opening currant accounts ", "I\u2019ve started a business where I weigh tiny objects, nothing fancy mind you, just a small scale operation. ", "I was voted \"Most Likely to Rig a School Election.\" ", "My wife is on a tropical food diet, the house is full of the stuff. It's enough to make a mango crazy.", "What does one lesbian vampire say to the other? See you next month.", "My friend is a caricaturist, but he wanted to make more money so he became a police sketch artist, they didn't catch any criminals. [deleted]", "I was walking through an arts and crafts shop, when I saw a sign saying \"Glue Sticks.\". I thought, \"No shit.\"", "Lost my mood ring.. Not sure how I feel about this.", "It's annoying when fat people say obesity \"runs\" in their family when clearly, nothing does.", "When the police seize heroin, it's dope. ", "The passing of the four seasons is my favorite day of the year here in Ireland. ", "Reincarnation into an adult body keeping your memories would be a great way to rob a bank ", "Supervision: not as cool as it sounds.", "I kicked \"8\" and it became infinitely large [deleted]", "I lost my head while trying to find my feet. ", "Those with ED need to be more outgoing. ", "What did 50 cent say to his grandma when she gave him a scarf for Christmas? Gee, you knit?", "What do you call a cow that's had an abortion? Decalfinated", "What's a skeletons favourite shop? The Body Shop.", "There was a mix of Asian, Black, Hispanic, and Indian guys in the gym showers today. I guess you could call it an ethnic cleansing. ", "I've got a friend who's fallen in love with two school bags, he's bisatchel.", "What's a mailman's favorite genre of music? Post rock. ", "Do you like Fishticks? Then I guess you must be a Gay Fish South park classic", "Do you think Satan gets a lot of letters from Dyslexic kids during Christmas?", "Muslim girls be so fine then boom ", "A man walks into a bar because he is too busy looking at his phone. ", "Went to the annual disco for the UK Dyslexic Association last night. Was great until the DJ played YMCA and then it was fucking mayhem.", "How many ears does Spock have? Three: A right ear A left ear A final frontear. ", "If you ask me whether I'm noncommittal I'd say yes and no. ", "Two cows in a field, one says \"moooooooooooo\". The other cow says \"Damn.. I was gonna say that!\"", "Moderate-to-severe Crohn's is a shitty disease. ", "We used to cough to hide a fart, these days we fart to hide a cough! ", "I gave you life, but I don't have a life. ", "Falling in love is like riding a bike. There's always a chance you might get run over.", "If you whacked a guy right in the mouth with a roll of five cent coins did you give him a nickel sandwich? ", "- Why did the Italian staple his nuts together?  Since he couldn't lick them, he felt he should join them", "Last night my mate and I watched all 3 'Lord of the Rings' movies back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.", "I bought the world's worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it's terrible.", "posting image macros is pretty selfish; it's all about 'me me' ", "Is \"Return of the Mack\" banned in Apple Stores? ", "I hope I never meet the girl of my dreams. Cause she'll be wanting some weird stuff.", "Lost an hour. Bet it's somewhere with my keys.", "We will continue having meetings, everyday, until I find out why no work is getting done.", "I started an emo salsa band. We're called Hispanic at the Disco", "A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.", "There is no winning streak in window cleaning. I'll show myself out, thank you. ", "I have so many grudges I want to let go of, but they're not dying fast enough. ", "My neighbor and I decided to share our water supply. We got a long well. ", "Cremated ashes are dead weight. Fact.", "The beauty about telling the truth is you never have to remember anything.", "I'd love to get into herb gardening. I just don't have the thyme.", "What do you call an epileptic in a lettuce patch? A seizure salad.", "Throwing acid is wrong in some people\u2019s eyes. ", "\"You can say that again,\" said the Alzheimer's patient. ", "When a guy pulls his penis out, he can tell what his partner thinks about his size, based on their sighs. ", "I am drawn to the mysteries of life, but I cannot say why? ", "I think I've cured my wife's fear of being buried alive. The screams stopped about an hour ago.", "How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable. You give him AIDS", "I just heard an ear-piercing scream from the body modification shop. ", "If you think you\u2019re a hypochondriac, but you\u2019re actually not, are you a hypochondriac? ", "What's the difference between a Penis and a paycheck? After five years your Wife will still blow your paycheck.", "did you hear about that explosion at the cheese factory? debrie went everywhere ", "My uncle works for a company that makes bicycle wheels.He's the Spokesman.", "What do you call a man without a spade? Douglas.", "Can you sue a Chinese restaurant for damages incurred as a result of bad fortune cookie advice?", "I built a stair case without planning permission council said i took it a step too far ", "What does seven days without exercise make? One weak ", "The Earth means the world to me. ", "My ex used to hit me with stringed instruments -- if only I'd known about her history of violins... ", "If you work at the hospital and you're sick, should you go to work? ", "I started a company selling land mines that look like prayer mats and prophets are really going through the roof! ", "Guy 1: look what I found? A needle in a haystack.\nGuy 2: I can beat that, I found a job.\nGuy 1: oooh, you win.", "One of the best things about living I Sweden? Well, the flag is a big plus.", "There's a fine line between being a tattle-tale And saving your own butt.", "Those stairs move so fast! They slipped right out from under me.", "There are 10 types of people in this world: does who know binary code and those who don't. ", "What the best cheese to hide a horse with? Mascarpone.", "If you die at the climax of a sexual encounter, are you coming or going? ", "Rape. Small word. Long sentence. ", "What does a guy with two right feet wear to the beach? Flop-flops. ", "The water balloons were a hit; especially after we forgot about them in the freezer. ", "What's the worst part about locking your keys in your car in front of an abortion clinic? Going in and asking for a coat hanger.", "This year, brought to you by Twentytwentin Quarantino! ", "My girlfriend broke up with me so I took her wheelchair. Guess who came crawling back.", "What do you get hanging from apple trees? Sore arms.", "If covid has a mascot superhero it would be Batman. A) he covers his entire body except his nostrils and mouth. \nB) he\u2019s a bat.", "If I\u2019m ever choking on steak, I\u2019ll let you beat the meat out of me. ", "I had a plain bagel, but it flew out of my hand. ", "I totally understand how batteries feel because I\u2019m rarely ever included in things either... - Christopher Hudspeth", "Exercise makes you look better naked but so does Alcohol...your choice! ", "I tried to be an actor, but I was living a lie. ", "What do cannibals eat to freshen their breath? Men toes.", "A pirate walked into a hospital with a steering wheel down his pants yelling, \"It's drivin' me nuts!\" ", "A cucumber and a tomato meet in a saladbar. Cucumber: Gee, how come you look so red? Tomato: I saw the salad dressing.", "Why can't Michael Jackson play chess? Because he doesn't know if he's black or white.", "A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it. ", "I was at a gig once and this fat girl punched me in the face I dunno why. It was Massive Attack. ", "How do you get Pikachu on a bus? Pokemon.", "God is love.\nBut Satan does that thing with his tongue that you love.", "I wish Google Maps had an 'Avoid the Ghetto' routing option.", "I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger, and then it hit me. ", "Capitalization can really change a sentence. For example:\nI love to eat candy.\nI love to eat capitalization. \n\n", "I once got asked if I knew the difference between ignorance and apathy. I told them I didn't know, and didn't care.", "I am not superstitious. I think it\u2019s bad luck. ", "I don't want to sound like I'm showing off or something, but people put bricks through my windows just so they can hear me practicing my saxophone louder. ", "Just met a charming transvestite from the Manchester area. He had a Wigan address.", "\"The average person thinks he isn\u2019t.\"", "All of these tarrifs have me thinking that Trump is in the alluminaty. ", "My wife says that my lying is ruining our marriage. But I reckon it's my big dick.", "Some Idiots says, \"Behind every successful man, there is a woman\" But nobody knows the fact \"Women go only behind the successful men\".", "One a scale of 1 to 10, how much are you a black and white thinker? ", "I have the head of a gangster - it's my Kraynium. ", "A signature always reveals a man's character - and sometimes even his name.", "I don't skinny dip, I phanny float!", "If you are addicted to seaweed, please seek kelp. ", "That's probably not your funny bone, because this shit ain't funny. ", "My girlfriend laughed at me when I said I had a car made from spaghetti. You should've seen her face when I drove pasta.", "What is the thinnest book in the world? What Men Know About Women", "My family think I spend too much time doing dot-to-dot puzzles. But it's okay, I know where to draw the line.", "I wonder if the ladies at the clubs can hear what the sings are saying about them.", "\"The Constant Book Reader\" By Paige Turner", "Kill me once, shame on me. Kill me twice, shaman you. ", "I never thought that I'd like eco friendly clothing made from fungi but... It's growing on me. ", "While golfing i'll only count a stroke if the ball goes straight down the middle, that's the fairway. ", "Is my girlfriend dissatisfied with my body? ... A small part of me says yes ", "Having faith is not reasonable. ", "I found my first gray pubic hair today... In my breakfast burrito. ", "Last weekend we went to a very emotional wedding, even the cake was in tiers. ", "There are no stupid questions. There are, however, many inquisitive idiots. ", "What do you call a man? [removed]", "I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it. It was a shitzu.", "I can't believe that my professor keeps repeating the lectures everyday in our D\u00e9j\u00e0 Vu course. ", "Sometimes the first step towards forgiveness is realizing that the other person was born an idiot. [deleted]", "\"Wow, nice pair of crocs\"\n-Said no one, ever.", "Men think about sex every sex words. I mean six words.", "Beautiful stationary can be very moving ", "I called 911 to report a huge train wreck that was blocking everything for miles around. ...The police said they couldn't do anything about congress. ", "I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died.", "To be Frank, I'd have to change my name. ", "I just interviewed a guy who used to work at Chernobyl. He came with a Glowing reference. ", "I recently installed an illeagal, electric elevator and was promptly brought up on battery charges. ", "Whenever I see someone with one eye, I ask them if it was all fun and games up to that point. ", "Might wake up early and go for a jog. Might also win the lottery, odds are about the same.", "How did the hillbilly find his sister in the woods? Attractive.", "Hooked up with a girl who was into burning wax onto me, I\u2019m still scarred :( ", "[NSFW] What does a drummer and a compulsive masturbator have in common? They don't miss a beat!", "My wife was so sick this morning that I had to carry her to the kitchen to make my breakfast.", "The only regret I would have if I died in my sleep was going to bed.", "I don't know how fast does light travel, but it gets here too early in the morning. ", "There was a young Man from Peru, whose limerick stopped at line two.", "Anybody with half a brain would know if they got a hemispherectomy ", "Teens who get pregnant are just speed runners . ", "Smoking may shorten your lifespan. But it will lengthen your lunch break.", "If an alcoholic man beats his wife, is she considered beer battered? ", "My cell phone was sprayed by a skunk and now the service stinks. ", "I don't suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it.", "People laugh at my car because it's ugly and green. But at least I avacado", "I got mugged earlier and they took my mood ring. I really don't know how I feel about that.", "Will all those who believe in pyschokinesis please raise my hand?", "I remember when I was a kid my mom would feed us vegetables by telling us :\"here comes the train, here comes the train\" [removed]", "Police can do a search if it's warranted. ", "I tried eating vegan once... She tasted like chicken. ", "What kind of weed do reptiles smoke? Mariguana.", "What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horse's ass? A mechanic", "If a pianist plays with the piano with pens, would be be a penist? ", "You're crazy is showing, so you might want to tuck that back in. ", "That the English love to drink Tea seems to be showing up in their language a li''le. ", "I asked my priest how to make holy water... he said just boil the hell out of it '", "Do you ever get the feeling you're being watched? Because if it's bothering you, I'll stop.", "Guilt: a blanket of your own regrets.", "When a trapeze artist loses their job, do they get let go? ", "Tinnitus sounds dirty to me ", "Diarrhea runs in my family. ", "I think my flat mate suffers from depression. ", "You summon Cthulhu one time and everyone loses their minds. ", "What do you do if you come across a tiger in the jungle? Wipe it off and apologise.", "I taught my dog how to sit and shake... He should be closing on the Patterson deal by Thursday.", "Geek: The people you pick on in high school and work for after.", "At the barbers today, I asked to have my hair cut like Tom Cruise, so he gave me a cushion to sit on.", "I made a belt out of broken watches, and it was a waist of time. ", "I had some time to kill..So I started with the mother in law.", "Accordion to a recent survey, replacing words with the names of musical instruments in a sentence, often goes undetected. ", "I always thought it was the dryer that made my jeans shrink. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along... ", "One liner jokes Approach a woman in a bar and whisper \"Hey, wanna get out of here?\" If she says yes, you can sit where she was.", "This guy just had a go at me for scratching his CD, so I ripped him a new one!", "All my life, I always wanted to be somebody.  Now I see that I should have been more specific.", "I met a nice girl today, she had a deep throaty, genuine laugh, like that sound a dog makes just before it throws up. ", "I hate those people who knock on your door and tell you how you need to be \"saved\" or you'll \"burn.\" Stupid firemen", "I think my shoes might be laced, because I've been tripping all day. ", "I like euphemisms in more ways than one. ", "The broken teleprompter left me speechless. ", "A large dog's favorite pastry is a Great Danish ", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Adore. Adore who? A door is between us. Open up!", "I went to buy some camouflage pants the other day, but I couldn't find any. ", "of Minecraft has shown us anything it\u2019s that that you shouldn\u2019t spend your diamonds on hoes ", "Just been on to travel agents looking for a weekend away somewhere in the Northeast. They said you can't beat Sunderland this time of year.", "What did the Mexican Firefighter name his twin sons? Jos\u00e9 and Hose B", "Kale is a negative calorie food, meaning the kale itself contains fewer calories than your body uses to throw it up because it's so fucking disgusting. ", "Why is a wife like a hand-grenade? Remove the ring, and BOOM - the house is gone! ", "Standing in the park today wondering why does a frisbee appear larger the closer it gets... And then it hit me.", "Well the word on the street is Stop Ahead ", "The chances of you dying on the way to get your lottery tickets are greater than your chances of winning.", "When Dad died I vowed not to follow in his footsteps, I'd take a different path. In fact I'd avoid minefields altogether.", "What do you call a man with ham on his head? Hammed. What do you call a man with more ham on his head? Mohammed", "Child abuse.....That's a touchy subject. ", "I just bought an awful cheap thesaurus. Not only is it awful, it's awful!", "Police were called to a daycare where a three-year-old was resisting a rest. ", "What do you call two chess enthusiasts bragging in a lobby? Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.", "My grandfather died recently, He spent his final years as a regular user of facebook..We won't see the likes of him again.", "Our last fight was my fault. My wife asked, \"What's on the TV?\". I said \"Dust!\".", "I've had a lot of rude customers in my bakery, but this one takes the cake. ", "Moving to Australia really turned my life upside-down. ", "If you watch Jeopardy backwards it becomes a show where people pay money to ask questions.", "Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. ", "Autocorrect makes me say things I didn't nintendo. ", "I'm looking for a promotion at the guillotine factory, but I just can't get a head. ", "When I see people in camouflage I bump into them and say\"Whoa, sorry I didnt see you there\".", "Im not paranoid but if 99% of people are not out to get me and the other 1% are thats 76 million people ", "\"The doctor removed my left ventricle and atrium,\" Tom said halfheartedly.", "I used to know how to make those little fizzy sweets, but then I forgot. So I went on a Refresher course", "It was time to return from Lovers' Lane and that's when the rubber hit the road. ", "That kid is definitely going places - prison is a place, too. ", "If I agreed with you, then we would both be wrong. ", "Psychology - the art of pulling a habit out of a rat.", "I had a dream I was swimming in a ocean of orange soda. Turns out it was just a Fanta Sea.", "A dictatorship is a democracy where 1 person has 51% of the vote [deleted]", "What do fat girls and bricks have in common? They both get laid by Mexicans.", "What do you get when you run over a goose? Goose bumps.", "\"Irish Sniper\" By Rick 'O' Shea", "Marriage is for suckers cuz if she wont suck it you shouldnt get married ", "I tried to have a threesome once, but the other two never came. ", "I tried eating a clock the other day. It's really time consuming. ", "Do vegetarians eat animal crackers? ", "Drugs must be terrifying if you're scared of heights. ", "I don\u2019t want to brag, but I do speak pig Latin; I mean, I\u2019m not fluent, but I\u2019m sure if I ever went there, I could get by. ", "I bet conjoined twins really hate Independence Day. ", "Absenteeism is becoming less present. ", "I wanted to be a monk when I grew up, until I realized how dirty their habits are. ", "You know you're ugly when it comes to a group picture and they hand you the camera. ", "My son just got a pull-up bar and is feeling a little weak. I told him to keep his chin up.", "What's the difference between a fridge and a vagina? The fridge doesn't fart when you take the meat out.", "Girls, if a guy pauses a video game to text you back, marry him.", "Me: Sorry boss can't come in today my car has broken down. Boss: What about the bus? Me: I don't have a bus.", "Why was the orphan so successful? When they told him \"go big or go home\", he only had one option.", "It doesn't matter how much you push the envelope it'll still be stationary. ", "If I had a grain of salt for every time I took things with a grain of salt, I'd have a lot of things and salt ", "Napping is one of those things that is so easy, you can do it with your eyes closed. ", "My friends are alive.... \ud83d\ude22 NOT ANYMORE!!!!!\ud83d\ude2d ", "I went to a psychiatrist's office, wearing only Saran wrap underwear and the doctor took one look at me and said, \u201cWell, I can clearly see your nuts.\u201d ", "Admittedly, things could get quite shitty without toilet paper. ", "If people still need the voicemail announcement to tell them how to leave a message, I don't want to talk to them, anyway. ", "E-void: the use of technology to avoid human contact.", "On a trip to Dubai I traded my wife for 40 Camels...I usually smoke Marlboros but a deal's a deal! ", "I tried using deviled eggs to make angel food cake and it turned into a batter of good versus evil. ", "What did the bad soccer announcer get for Christmas? COOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "People tell me I just have to be myself, but that's just not me. ", "I woke up feeling like shit, but decided to have cornflakes instead. ", "Raw foodists do it for health, but some foods are healthier after being heated - I'm ironing the savory. ", "I saw a great Simple Minds tribute band last night called Thick as Pigshit. ", "What do you call water that bounces? Spring water. ", "Why don't monsters eat clowns? Because they taste funny!", "The circle is just the most ridiculous shape in the world, I mean, there's absolutely no point to it. ", "Peanuts are like testicles, in a nut shell. ", "I was trying to fix my computer when I got a bad shock off the processor. It megaHz.", "Political correctness is fascism, pretending to be manners. ", "I tied all of my spaghetti together whilst I was drunk last night and ended up skipping dinner. ", "I've been trying to exercise and eat healthier, Asian inspired meals... So I started chasing after the neighborhood cats. ", "New health study on the psychology of midgets shows that 6 out of 7 dwarfs aren't happy", "Being self-employed is great if you don't mind your boss giving you 3 handjobs a day. ", "I recently called my necrophiliac friend. I asked him how his wife was doing; he replied: \"The rotten cunt split on me!\" ", "If you have a crooked smile, maybe you should embrace it. ", "Subjectivity is the best! ", "I know karate and a few other Japanese words. ", "A dyslexic man walks into a bra ", "If you're waiting for me to make a joke about Peter Crouch dressed in armour and wielding a sword, you're in for a long knight. ", "My friend dropped his box of Italian pastries on the floor. I cannoli imagine what he must be going through.", "Time flies like an arrow and fruit flies like a banana ", "I was so glad to see the back of my ex girlfriend, she would only have sex doggy-style! ", "My lesbian neighbors got me a Rolex for Christmas. I guess they misunderstood when I said I wanna watch.", "When I learnt how to tell the difference between sea mammals, it gave me a whole new sense of porpoise. ", "The trouble with jogging is, that by the time you realize you're not in shape, it's too far to walk back ", "Never iron a four leaf clover. You don't want to press your luck.", "I always say \"earth\" to people, because it means the world to them. ", "Thank you, thank you all! I've had some requests tonight... But I'm gonna keep singin anyways!", "What's the only bar a Jewish rapper can't drop? His Bar Mitzvah [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gjq8hRAJtxI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gjq8hRAJtxI)", "Just because you have a brain doesn't mean you have to use it. ", "Did you hear about the woman who got attacked by a gang of mimes? They performed unspeakable acts on her.", "I've just bought a load of cheap Harry Potter DVDs. They were only a Quidditch.", "A lion would never cheat on his wife. But a Tiger Wood.", "The geologist finally had enough and quit--no more Mr. Gneiss Guy. ", "People who participate in cock fights and rodeos must really enjoy cock and bull torture. ", "Did you hear the joke about the deaf guy who walked into a bar? no! neither did he...", "Someone stole my dictionary and I'm at a loss for words ", "My grandad always told me as one door closes, another one opens....lovely guy......awful submarine pilot ", "If someone has won three entertainment awards but not a Tony, they probably have an EGO. [deleted]", "One of the best things about being forgetful is ", "pledging allegiance to a country is like saying screw the rest of the world ", "A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman\u2019s birthday but never remembers her age.", "\"Why did the bread cross the road. Because it was yeasty!\"", "A blind guy was on Wheel of Fortune. He asked if he can buy an I.", "I went to the doctor because everywhere I pressed hurt. Pressed my leg it hurt. My arm, it hurt. My head. Turns out I'd broken my finger.", "Ape steak tastes orangutangy ", "If fish were boneless sushi places would serve them live ", "Subway VS Car??? [removed]", "Failure is not an option. It is a privilege reserved only for those who try.", "You, too, can have a body like mine... if you're not careful ", "When I was on acid, I actually tasted colors, they tasted a lot like paint. [deleted]", "I haven't had a single drink all day. They've all been doubles. ", "99% of people are addicted to something. I'm willing to bet that I'm not. ", "Refusing to go to the gym counts as resistance training, doesn't it? ", "FYI: Condoms are cheaper than diapers.", "My wife wanted a new car, I called the dealer, they said \"Bring your wife down and we'll dicker.\" ", "Have YOU had to walk 500 miles? Were you advised to walk 500 more? You could be entitled to compensation. Call the Pro Claimers NOW.", "You remind me of my Lava Lamp; you're not too bright but you're fun to watch. ", "What did the letter say to the stamp? Stick to me and we'll go places.", "I'd love to live in an old disused lighthouse. I don't want anything flashy.", "I can take all my clothes, pile them to the ceiling then take off my shoes and jump over them. ", "I couldn't decide wether or not to sell my bed. So I slept on it.", "Went to the park today to play frisbee with my dog but it was no fun. I need a flatter dog", "What's the deal with negotiations? ", "I want buns of steel. But I also want buns of cinnamon. ", "I don't believe in spanking my children. I find that waving a gun around works just as well..", "If you think nobody cares, try missing a couple of payments. ", "My record for no nut November, i just beat it ", "I wrote 'DIVORCE', my wife wrote 'YES'. Tough way to find out, but at least I won our last game of Scrabble.", "I'll be more specific one of these days. ", "Did you know that some saltwater crocodiles can grow up to 20 feet! But most only have 4.", "Why is Bon Jovi's bed always messy? Because he doesn't think it matters if you make it or not.", "Know what the two pessimists did when they first met? They shook their heads.", "If a terrorist is someone who puts terror in your mind then the news is full of them ", "If you cant stop killing people, its probably cuz you never started ", "My math teacher called me average. How mean!", "What's worse than a cardboard box? Paper tits.", "I don't like hot soup, yeah you can cool it by blowing on it, but I'm just not a fan. ", "First they ignore you, then they downvote you, then they dad-joke you, then you're banned. [deleted]", "A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.", "What did the wall say when a fish ran into it? Dumb Bass ", "If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving probably isn't for you.", "Radioactive halibut will make fission chips.", "That which can be destroyed by the truth should beat it you tree hugging hippy cuz we make money here ", "What's a pedophile's favorite part of a hockey game? Before the first period.", "People say drugs are bad but one time I was high and I solved the theory of everything bagels. ", "What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast.", "Man with authority walks into the bar and orders everyone a round. ", "I was raised as an only child, which really annoyed my sister. ", "My mate just lost his job at the pet shop. The boss caught him with his hand in the trill.", "lAre you thinking what I'm thinking that I think that you're thinking I'm thinking because if you think that I think we've got a problem.", "Always remember what my late Grandad said to me. 'Sorry I'm late'", "Hockey players shower after three periods, unlike your mother. ", "I found a minnow in my pool today, i thought something smelled a little fishy. ", "What's so civil about a civil war? ", "My ex? Yea I'd still hit that... with a bus.", "Super Bowl: 30 second clips of men running in between commercials", "I never finish anyth", "Is anyone else expecting Elon Musk &amp; PewDiePie to admit the whole COVID thing is an awful, collaborative April fools joke that just got out of hand? ", "Hindus suck at YOLO. ", "There is no I in denial ", "I'd like morning a lot more if it came later in the day. ", "My gf said; im pretty sure gambling is bad fo you - I said; wanna bet? ", "You could never leave a tomato behind, it will just ketchup. ", "The last time I saw my sister was at an Oasis concert. I was standing in the croud shouting \"Go Oasis Go!\". I haven't seen her since.", "I'm pretty sober, but I'm even prettier when you're drunk. ", "It took me a while to become a trainer for rock bands, but eventually I had all the Kinks worked out. ", "Met Mr Potato Head the other day, He was really rude to me. Some might call him a dictator ", "Don't lie to me! That's what the government does!", "My father used to take me to the playground and put me on mood swings ", "Any pants can be tearaways if you\u2019re strong enough. ", "Statistics show that teen pregnancy rapidly drop after the age of 19.", "I completely ignore Freudian slips. It goes in one ear and out the mother. ", "Just ask Tommy... Hilfiger it out. ", "A man walks into a bar and says, \"ouch\" ", "What do you call a bunch of high Mexicans? Baked Beans", "Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.", "Does Japanese Scooby-Doo call Shaggy, \"Raggu?\" ", "Money can't buy happiness, but I'd much rather cry in a mansion.", "We tried making airplanes out of horse manure but that shit didn't fly ", "My friend is a gay claustrophobe, he had to come out of a walk in closet. [deleted]", "All information circulars are rectangular. ", "If I had to describe myself in 3 words, I would say, \"Not very good at maths.\" \u2797\u274c ", "The Christian God and Allah are atheists about eachother and both are right ", "CAUTION: Reading the entire medication warning may cause drowsi....", "What might a farmer put on his resume? Works well with udders. ", "I can't help being lazy. It walks in the family.", "\"Why's it called dry humping if I always need a towel after?\" by Bo Burnham", "Jokes about German sausages are the wurst ", "What did the shetland pony say when he had a sore throat? Sorry. I'm a little horse.", "Stairs may look down to earth, but they're always up to something. ", "Someone stole my mood ring. I'm not sure how I feel about it.", "I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She said, \"Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!\" I said, \"Wow!\" Then her friend said, \"She means 666-3629.\" ", "I can\u2019t believe I got fired from the calendar company for taking a day off ", "If she can walk to the kitchen after sex, you don't deserve a fucking sandwich. ", "If I got a dime for every failed math exam, I\u2019d have $3.55. ", "Trump: \"Foreign Policy?, if you mess with the United States, there will be hell toupee.\" ", "If USA did a brexit it would be a usexit, u sexy thing. ", "If you ran like your mouth, you would be in great shape. ", "A policeman asked me to come down to the station for an interview...I haven't even applied for a job there!", "My wife and I always hold hands. If I let go she goes shopping.", "You compliment your friend on their mustache and suddenly she doesn't talk to you anymore. WTF?", "What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese", "I'm not in an open relationship.. but my girlfriend is.", "People say I have no empathy, but I really don't care what they think. ", "Never throw dirt when you're at war; you'll lose your ground.", "The shovel is a groundbreaking invention ", "I hung a foot with bullet shells on the extremities on my doorway.  I called it \"missile-toe\"", "My girlfriend told me to kiss her where the sun don't shine, so I'm taking her to Seattle. ", "Nothing brings the kid out of a women better than an abortion! [deleted]", "I think the most unrealistic thing about Harry Potter is the fact a Ginger had two friends.", "if you type google.com/r/maps instead of google.com/maps you may be a redditor. ", "I won\u2019t be shaving this November, in order to raise awareness for how lazy I am. ", "If vampires, werewolves, aliens, yeties and zombies created an activist movement they'd be VWXYZ. ", "What do hippies do if the trees hug back?", "You decorate a canoe for Christmas with oar-naments. ", "Come on down to Park &amp; Sons Tattoo Parlor, where the prices are steady, but the hands certainly are not! ", "I didn\u2019t really like my facial hair, but now it grows on me. ", "My grandfathers funeral has cost us over \u00a314,000 so far..I knew it was a bad idea to bury him in a rented suit.", "9 in 10 people love chocolate. And the 10th person is a liar.", "Do you need a silencer to shoot a mime?", "In terms of computers, a Dell makes the best music ", "My pirate costune cost me a hand and a leg ", "If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea\u2026 that means someone's enjoying it. ", "If anyone tries to sell you a transparent driving wheel, steer clear. ", "I find gasping inspirational. ", "They say one in every seven friends have a gambling addiction. My money's on Dave.", "My play was a complete success. The audience was a failure.", "Why was the cold tap turned on?Because the other tap was so hot!", "I lent a hot girl my umbrella yesterday. That takes the number of girls I've made wet this year to -1.", "Why did the old man hate living next to the tennis courts? He couldn't stand all the racket", "I was ironing the curtains last night. Fell through the window!", "My wife told me: \u2018Sex is better on holiday.\u2019 That wasn\u2019t a nice postcard to receive. ", "ill never stop being pissed about how much beef jerky costs ", "I don't know why this bottle of whiskey tastes so good, but I'm going to get to the bottom of it.", "When I get naked in the bathroom, the shower usually gets turned on!", "I always try to go the extra mile at work, but my boss always finds me and brings me back.", "With weed legalization, pilots now need to be clear-eyed for landing. [deleted]", "I haven\u2019t owned a watch for I don\u2019t know how long. ", "If all else fails, lower your standards.", "If you saw my magazine collection, you\u2019d know I have a lot of issues. ", "Difference between an egg and a wank? You can beat an egg.", "Schools are the real concentration camps. ", "Flavored condoms have 3 grams of sugar per inch! [deleted]", "It doesn't mean much to be important; the most important person at a funeral is dead. ", "What do you call a leper in a hot tub? Soup.", "DAY 317 Without sex : Went jogging in flip flops, just to remember the sound. ", "Reversing trucks for a living is my backup career ", "The devil was in heaven then went down to georgia ", "This oneline from Sleepaway camp is a gem: ", "When you buy condoms, you're paying protection money ", "People used to be nicer, these days the average person is mean. ", "god loves you but thinks you'd be better off worshiping someone else ", "She wanted some peace so he gave Herpes [deleted]", "Why do people take years to write a novel when they can buy one for a couple bucks?", "What did the depressed ghost say to the psychiatrist? Thanks for lifting my spirits.", "We should call self-isolation weight gain the COVID \"19\". ", "Did you know there is a 5% margin of error in 105% of statistics? ", "I never felt so lo as when my my duet had one-man-banned. ", "Once, I forgot to replace \\r\\n with &lt;br/&gt; in an HTML document. ", "I have an EpiPen. My friend gave it to me when he was dying, it seemed very important to him that I have it. ", "The state of Missouri has vigorously tried to get some of the other states bordering on the Mississippi River to join in an urgently needed flood control project. This is because Missouri loves company.", "I see Dwarf births are down to a minimum. ", "What do you call a lesbian Eskimo? A Klondike", "Evil isn't all bad.", "I can't stand paraplegics. ", "A man with a severe ejaculation problem comes out of nowhere ", "It's a dirty job but somebody's got to stop doing it ", "PSA don't give blankets the homeless, you're covering up the problem. ", "I ate four cans of alphabet soup and just had the biggest vowel movement ever. ", "'I'm sorry' and 'I apologise' mean the same thing. Unless you're at a funeral.", "The car mechanic handed the bill to the man and said,\" think of it this way, you came in with a junky car and came out with an expensive one", "Why do you never buy a woman a watch? Because there's a clock on the stove.", "Mathematicians dance to the algorithm? ", "The existentialism in the universe is just beyond me. One liner came to me after the season 2 finally of Rick and Morty. Wubba Lubba Dub Dub!!!! ", "Microwave Mentality:\nHaving the attitude that if something can't be done in 5 minutes or less, it's not worth doing.", "Did you hear about the paranoid dyslexic? He thought he was following someone.", "A smoking section in a restaurant is like a peeing section in a pool. ", "I've been in love with the same woman for years. If my wife finds out, she'll kill me!", "Why is Peter Pan always flying? Cause he neverlands haah", "Wife: \"Will you still love me when I'm fat and ugly?\"....... Me: \"You know I do.\" ", "Making a mockery of my dyslexia will come back and bite you in the ears. [deleted]", "How did the cheese paint his wife? He double Gloucester.", "I'd give you the short off my back, that is, if I wasn't wearing it. ", "I saw Jesus at Crossfit the other day. He was holding his own. ", "I'm surprising my epileptic friend with a strobe light for when he comes round, he's gonna have a fit when he sees it. ", "Apparently most dogs in Korea are inbred. Like in a sandwich or something.", "Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs? He doesn't want the world to know he's been making out with chickens.", "Always speak well of your enemies, after all, you made them. ", "I called Doris Day's cousin the other day. She hates when I call her that. ", "I smell a bad oneliner coming - who nose what it'll be. ", "Where do senior citizens often go to the restroom? Depends", "How much did Santa pay for his sleigh? Nothing, because it was on the house!", "I've invented a glass coffin. Don't know if it will catch on..... Remains to be seen. ", "The local pet shop has been robbed and police say they have no leads. ", "What does the nosey pepper do? Gets jalape\u00f1o business!", "Not many people know this but I'm pretty famous ", "A screw up can install light bulb ", "I had plans to begin reading a book about sinkholes but they fell through. ", "The difference between outlaws and inlaws is that outlaws are wanted ", "If it's till death do us part, we are all single in heaven right?", "People ask if I still enjoy sex at 45?! I live at number 57, so it's not far to go", "I am addicted to sea weed, I must seek kelp. ", "2020. ", "All 5 love languages can be spoken by just simply making a cake with \"I love you\" written on it, eating a slice with your partner, and then banging. ", "A Rabbi and a Priest are walking in the park when they see a little boy. Priest: \"Hey let's go screw that little boy\" Rabbi: \"Out of what?\"", "When the teacher told us to solve the puzzle without using addition, we were all nonplussed ", "First rule of Thesaurus Club. You don't talk, converse, discuss, speak, chat, deliberate, confer, gab, gossip or natter about Thesaurus Club", "I ordered an Asian Hooker, she arrived 2 hours late. She loves me wrong time.", "I was about 12 when my mom told me that Santa Claus was my father. I'm not sure if she ever told my dad. ", "Diablo Immortal ", "Yo mama is so worn out, she has to have a baby just to get off.", "Where there's a will there's a relative. [deleted]", "Met a girl in the club last night, she said \"Take me home and I will do literally anything you want.\" Best omelette EVER!", "How do you make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles ", "When my butt hurts I always take assprin. ", "I really enjoyed the circus this year, it was intense. ", "How do you stop a bull from charging? Take away his credit card.", "I tried scheduling a Psoriasis Support Group meeting, but everyone flaked on me. ", "A compromise is an agreement whereby both parties get what neither of them wanted.", "I'm a seasoned kamikaze veteran, cuz all my jokes bomb ", "I couldn\u2019t work out how to fasten my seat belt and then it clicked. ", "Eating breakfast in front of the TV at the same time every day turns the meal into a serial. ", "Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.", "Is botany considered a STEM career? ", "My wife left me because of my obsession with battleships..... It never happened B4. ", "I stink. I haven't showered since last year. #happynewyears", "Why did Adele cross the road? To say hello from the other side.", "People often tell me that I do not take them seriously, and I find this to be hilarious. ", "Why did the cannibal have an upset stomach? He ate someone who disagreed with him.", "How do you make a door laugh? Tickle it's knob.", "Yo Mama is so fat she uses the equator as her belt.", "Never eat more than you can lift. - Miss Piggy [removed]", "Will Freddie Mercury play that guitar? No, but Brian May... ", "Tanorexia: A disease like anorexia, no matter how tan a person is they never think they are tan enough.", "Bill Gates has agreed to pay for the completion of Trumps wall, as long as he can put Windows in it. ", "Wish I could afford prosthetic limbs that doesn't cost me an arm n a leg ", "If you go to jail for tax evasion, aren't you basically living off taxes, for not paying your taxes? ", "My clothes have hidden creases because I didn't have my iron them [removed]", "What do you have when rabbits climb out of their hole? A hare-raising sight.", "Procrastination is like a credit card; it's a lot of fun until you get the bill.", "Lazy People Fact #5626728943: You were too lazy to read that number.", "How does a pregnant mermaid give birth? Sea-section", "People always ask 'how do you cope with erectile dysfunction'? Honestly, it's not that hard", "Two wrongs don\u2019t make a right, but three lefts do. ", "Elitist sports teams. If you can\u2019t join them, beat them. ", "Im pre-op, nohomo I just need some surgery ", "open mic comedy in Syria: people are very supportive, but there will be no one left if anyone bombs [deleted]", "all fights either stop or eventually become cripple fights ", "Two satellites decided to get married. The wedding wasn't much, but the reception was incredible!", "If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea\u2026 does that mean that one enjoys it? ", "With Alzheimer's, at least you get to meet new people each day. ", "there are three types of people in this world: Those who can count, and those who cant.", "I once met a crazed man muttering incoherently about ancient Mesopotamia, but I had to stop him, because I didn\u2019t want him to Babylon. ", "Is it a butt dial or a booty call? [deleted]", "I tried to buy a pillowcase on Craigslist but it ended up being a sham. ", "A bloke was shagging his overweight missus, when his phone rings.\"You'll have to ring me back mate, I'm in the tub\" he said.", "A new horror film. A sadist traps snowmen and forces them to melt bits of themselves to escape. Thaw.", "Did you hear about the Italian chef with a terminal illness? He pastaway. Cannoli do so much. Now hes just a pizza history.", "Why do people have hot water heaters? If the waters hot, why heat it?", "If you don't believe in horses, does that make you a neightheist? ", "Obama and I have received over 135 million votes combined for president ", "All the kids in the school had a name, but not ", "I never win at Scrable.", "The first sign of AIDS is a severe pounding in the rectum. ", "Why didn't the teddy bear eat his dessert? Because he was stuffed.", "*hiding Waldo's ashes* it's what he would have wanted ", "A pear a day will also keep the doctor away if you throw it hard enough. ", "Insomnia is very common, so I try not to lose any sleep over it. ", "I'm writing a self-help book but I need someone to market it for me. ", "What happened to the two ants who got into a fight on a toilet seat? They got pissed off. ", "Truth be said: I lie everytime. ", "Not to be racist, but I like the Daytona 500 more than the Talladega 500. ", "What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of co-ordination? HAND-EEEEEYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEE", "No matter how much I studied, I never did well in the school spelling be. ", "I went on a diet for 2 weeks and the only thing that I lost was my mind. ", "My ex is so stupid she walked into an antique store and asked, \"What's new?\" ", "This chair just doesn't sit right with me. ", "\u201cAm I making myself clear?\u201d asked the invisible woman. ", "Life on earth might not be free, but it does include a few trips around the sun. ", "When you use a Coinstar machine you make pennies on the dollar. About a 100 of them.", "When you say beaucoup it really means a lot. ", "I think men who have a pierced ear are more prepared for marriage. They've already bought jewelry and have experienced pain.", "If my wife was a Transformer her name would be Amazon Prime. ", "What do you cal a fly that has retired? A flew.", "I just got back from a very emotional wedding.. Even the cake was in tiers.", "My cousin is gay; in school while other kids were dissecting frogs, he was opening flies ", "Dominos forgot to add extra cheese on my pizza so I went to the shop and gave them a pizza my mind! [deleted]", "Gas prices do not affect me as I just put in $20 every time. [deleted]", "Does an agnostic, dyslexic insomniac stay up all night wondering if there is a dog? ", "Things to do in an elevator: alone with another person, tap them on the shoulder and pretend it wasn't you", "I'd like to think all flight attendants went to boarding school. ", "I used to think I had a Japanese friend, but it was just my imagine Asian. ", "I didn\u2019t gaslight you that was just in your head. ", "Why did Nivea Creme? Because Max Factor.", "What does illiteracy even mean? ", "I'm getting a little tired of these people coming to my door telling me I need to be \"saved\" or \"I'll burn\"... Stupid firefighters.", "A man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool, so I gave him a glass of water. ", "When the government designs a new penny, the number of government workers that have to approve the design is ten per cent. ", "My dad died when we couldn't remember his blood type. As he died, he kept insisting for us to \"be positive,\" but it's hard without him. ", "I'd give my left hand to be ambidextrous. ", "I went to Wuhan and got sick right off the bat ", "Wife said she was going to leave me if I continued to sing Oasis. I said maybe...", "Some people think there are insects on the Moon. Lunar tics.", "Taking pictures in a vacation really makes it an unforgettable experience ", "we've been studying the iliad in school - it's so epic! ", "Everyone has weird neighbors. If you don't, you're the weird neighbors.", "Oxymorons are clearly misunderstood. ", "Changed my computer password to \"silence\". Apparently the wife doesn't know that word.", "I was stung on the thumb while pumbing It was a silent b. \ud83d\udc1d ", "Do Asian midgets take photos on their iPad Minis?", "Paddys wife shouts:\"Did you find the shampoo?\" He answers:\"Yes, but I'm not sure what to do.. it's for dry hair, and I've just wet mine\"", "Body Spam: Unsolicited body contact.", "A lotion thief is a smooth criminal ", "I'm hosting a benefit concert for people who struggle to achieve orgasm. So if you can't come, let me know. ", "I just sent the wife\u00a0a picture of my floppy willy. I wanted to let her know I was thinking about her.", "I used to do drugs. I still do, but I used to too.", "To celebrate Weird Al Yankovic\u2019s birth, I will sing him Happy Burp-day. ", "My wife told me to prepare our ginger son for his first day at school. So I beat him up and took his dinner money off him.", "I'm sorry to hear your uncle was run over by a boat in Venice.\u00a0My gondolences.", "If you can\u2019t find a lawyer who knows the law, find a lawyer who knows the judge.", "terrorists put dihydrogen monoxide into the water supply ", "Women are reasonable! As long as we admit they're right, we don't have to agree to anything.", "I wonder what Owen Wilson would say about the Wow! signal ", "I had a go at parachuting today.I went to the local airfield and said, \"Stupid parachute morons jumping out of bloody planes\"", "Why should Steve Irwin have put on sunscreen? To protect himself from the harmful rays.", "i bought a universal remote control and thought to myself, \"wow this changes everything\" ", "If I tell you my wish it wont come true cuz self deception is so much harder that way ", "So what if I don't know what apocalypse means, it's not the end of the world! ", "I got my hair cut yesterday. At first I didn't like it, but it's growing on me.", "A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.", "Tomorrow I am going to open the time capsule I buried as a kid. I can't wait to see how big my puppy got.", "I couldn't repair your breaks, so I made your horn louder.", "Did you just throw sodium chloride at me?! That's assault!", "I went to a pet shop and put a sign saying 'Chameleon' next to an empty cage. ", "Walruses are like Tupperware, they both like a tight seal. ", "My mate got sacked from working on the dodgems. He's suing for funfair dismissal.", "What's Bill Clinton's favorite instrument to play? His whore Monica.", "Politicians and Diapers should be changed regularly and for the same reason ", "I used to think of myself as a great swimmer, but then I went in the ocean and got schooled by a bunch of fish. ", "I saw this wino, he was eating grapes. I was like, \u201cDude, you have to wait.\u201d ", "I'm really tired from all of this metamorphosizing from a single cell.", "I asked the watercraft guy when he was going to let me go back on land and he said, \"Never, this is a lifeboat.\" ", "You gotta hand it to short people because they can't reach it", "Is it true that an apple a day keeps the doctor away or is it one of granny's myths? ", "To be or not to be is the suicidal question ", "\"I sold my house this week. I got a pretty good price for it, but it made my landlord mad as heck.\"", "Camping is intense! [in tents]\n\nAlso: Having sex while camping is fucking intense!", "Laugh at yourself. You'll never cease to be amused.", "Dwayne Johnson, paper, scissors.", "I just read an article about the wages of alcoholism. So wait... you can get paid for that?", "Teacher: Johnny, you know you can't sleep in my class. \n\nJohnny: I know. But maybe if you were just a little quieter, I could.", "A fool and his money are never around when you need them.", "As I sat watching my dad draw his final breath I realised..We make a crap pictionary team.", "Don't ever run away from your problems, unless your problem is being chased by a bear.", "Never in the history of calm down has anyone calmed down by being told to calm down. ", "As much as I'd like to, I don't beat around the bush ", "What does a lion use to help it drill? A roar plug.", "Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.", "When chemists die they barium. ", "By definition, people with bad ideas cannot be swayed by logic.", "My wife has had her panties stolen off the line! Fuming! U can keep the knickers but can we have the 40 pegs back please!", "Want a stable relationship? Get a horse!", "Frustration is not having anyone to blame but yourself.", "People who jerk off all the time really come in handy. ", "You know what I hate? Someone who answer their own questions!! ", "There really aren't enough emojis... we need mo' 'ji. ", "Whoever said technology would replace all paper obviously hasn\u2019t tried wiping their but with an iPad. ", "Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana. ", "Man with authority walks into a bar and orders everyone a round. ", "I never thought that our death would be 'Made in China' ", "Prostitution is a hole sale business. ", "I just gave my girlfriend a ring and proposed....that we break up. Then I put the phone down on her.", "When one door closes and another one opens, you are probably in prison ", "I love going out dancing with depressed people,they really know how to get down. ", "If you ever miss 4:20 just wait until 4:22, because 4:22 is 4:20 too. ", "Not everyone thinks they need a photographer, but those that do get the picture. ", "What would you get if your donkey ate the legs off my rooster? Two feet of my cock in your ass.", "My new bicycle is so nice, it\u2019s a push-to-start. ", "My doctor said my constant diarrhea was a problem caused by genetics. It runs in my genes.", "How do Ethiopians celebrate their kids first birthday? By putting flowers on their grave.", "Hey I never chose to be this picky ", "I'm not a really big fan of profanity, I guess you could say I'm antifanity ", "The faster you drive somewhere, the less time you have to get in a car accident. ", "Once all this Coronavirus shit is done with were all gonna be left with no fingerprints. ", "I think I need my spine replaced, because all it does is hold me back. ", "A dictionary is the only place where eighth comes before first.", "If you lose your hearing, is it ear replaceable? ", "Reality is a big, nasty, vicious dragon, but I don't believe in dragons.", "Antelope is opposed to jogging. ", "Keep the dream alive.. Hit the snooze button.", "My father threw me in the pool to teach me to swim, once I got the chains off the swimming was easy. ", "The beach is one of the few places where it\u2019s socially acceptable to look happy while you bury a child. ", "An Irishman is never at peace except when he\u2019s fighting.", "I asked my bank teller to check my balance, so she pushed me over [deleted]", "I must have the coronavirus because these mfs keep testing me. ", "If you show me your boob I'll show you my tattoo, tit for tat. ", "A men tells his doctor \"Doc, help,I'm addicted to Twitter!\" the doctor replies, \"sorry, I dont follow you..\"", "It takes guys to be an organ donor ", "Love is like a fart: If you have to force it it\u2019s probably shit. ", "How does an eskimo build his house? Igloos it.", "What do you call a monkey in a minefield? BABOOOOOOM!", "The difference between \"burro\" and \"burrow?\" - if you don't know that, you can't tell your ass from a hole in the ground. ", "Witnessing a hearse in the Dairy Queen drive-through during freezing weather always makes me sweat. ", "What concert ticket costs 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback", "George Washington could not tell a lie, and thus would be an abject failure in politics today.", "I named my dog after my ex cuz shes a bitch ", "Amazon finally delivered that book about horology that I ordered - it's about time. ", "email: Once an efficient and fast method of communication and message transferring, now a way of harassing Internet users with spam,", "I wanted to marry my English teacher when she got out of prison.. But apparently you can't end a sentence with a proposition", "I recently visited Satan and stole his wig. He said they'd be hell toupee.", "It pains me to say this...but I have a sore throat.", "Walking is so pedestrian. ", "What is the Moonlight Sonata's day job? ", "Why do mice have tiny balls? Very few know how to dance.", "What gifts do squirrels exchange on Valentine's Day? Forget-me-nuts.", "My Mrs has recently started eating sofas, it's weird... But then again she's always had a suite tooth.", "I have a gift. Every time I approach something With wings, it flies away. It happens with women, too.", "I got lost in a corn maze and spent the rest of the day walking around in crop circles. ", "Why was the student's report card wet?\nBecause his grades were below C-Level.", "Today my dog 'Minton' swallowed a shuttlecock. Bad Minton!!!", "My New Year's resolutions are: 1. Stop making lists. B. Be more consistent.7. Learn to count.", "Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an asshole.", "My obsession with high visibility emergency signals is flaring up ", "Nice catch. ", "What do you call a Boomerang that doesn't come back? A Stick.", "A dyslexic hooker just offered to cook my socks for $20 ", "Those people who see jesus on a piece of toast, arent making cannibal food right ", "Looks like my do absolutely nothing and get filthy rich plan isn't working.", "If you have a bee in your hand what do you have in your eye? Beauty. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.", "For all the advances in medicine, there is still no cure for the common birthday. #idontwanttobeold", "I'd break my neck to prove I'm not masochistic. ", "My wife was happy when I told her I put a load in the dishwasher until 9 months later when Consuela's baby came out looking just like me!", "I was gonna tell a joke about a cookie. But it's too crummy.", "Crickets are the harshest critics. ", "Some people can\u2019t tell a penis apart from a teste even though there is a vas deferens between them. ", "I tried to log onto Twitter earlier today. It said,\"Cookies are required to operate.\" I thought to myself, \"Me too Twitter. Me too.\"", "I hate how funerals are usually at 9am or 10am because I\u2019m not a mourning person. ", "BREAKING NEWS: TORNADO HITS CEMETERY - HUNDREDS FOUND DEAD. ", "Sperm banks are places people go for hand made babies. ", "Rumour has it I'm a gossip. ", "I've gotta stop saying \"How stupid can you be?\". Too many people are taking it as a challenge.", "This annoying guy on the bus wouldn't stop asking questions about how the journey would end. So I told him where to get off.", "Frozen sculptures are okay..Icy pose.", "Sorry followers for being gone--Sorry I look so beat up. But, you see, the economy bounced back and I was standing in the way.", "I was looking at my family tree and noticed a dog peeing on it.", "Saw a sign that read THIS DOOR IS ALARMED and I thought to myself...What startled it? ", "Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like banana. ", "Going to the store is the only time I get checked out. ", "A lot of the posts on this sub are really just shower thoughts. ", "I have no idea if I am very smart or very stupid. The evidence on both sides of the argument is overwhelming. ", "The most common thing I wear is out my welcome. ", "A man walks into a bar and says \"ow\".", "Never get behind the Devil in a Post Office queue..For the Devil has many forms.", "It takes balls to be a transvestite.", "What do you call a cowboy with no money? Skint Eastwood.", "I don't know how far away my spatial awareness class is. ", "What do you get when you put root beer in a square cup? ", "I've decided to marry a pencil,I can't wait to introduce my parents to my bride 2B.", "What can you hold without ever touching it?\nA conversation.", "I know this incredible joke about airplanes, but I feel it'd go right over your head ", "The technology of this weed-whacker is cutting hedge!", "I don't have a big ego. I'm way too cool for that.", "This shout out is dedicated to all my blind followers: ... .. ... . .... ... .. ... .. . ..... ... ... . ..", "I wont jump in front of a bullet for anyone. Because if I have time to jump in front, you have time to move.", "It cost me \u00a35 to put air in my tyres yesterday! Oh well, that's inflation for you.", "You see my next-door neighbour worships exhaust pipes, he's a catholic converter.", "I just bought some toilet paper for a bunch of assholes. ", "People who try to \u201coutpizza\u201d the hut, they all fail, it\u2019s a domino effect. ", "My wife is going to a fancy dress party as a rastafarian and she's asked me to do her hair. I'm dreading it.", "I can't get my wife to either spit or swallow, but last night, with the help of a straw, I finally got her to succumb. ", "You're a Philosophy major you say? Impressive, and yes, please make my order a combo.", "That awkward moment when you realize the moment is just that.", "Whenever I have a weak fart that sounds like fabreeze I think it should smell like it too. ", "What takes up 18 parking spaces? 9 women drivers ", "I was wondering why the baseball was getting bigger, and then it hit me. ", "Did you hear about the Scottish Kamikaze pilot? He crashed his plane in his brother's junkyard.", "Two naked oiled up women just burst in my house and started wrestling with my wife. Luckily, I was able to knock one out.", "There's a big part of me that thinks I could make it as a porn star. ", "As if it wasn't bad enough being Dyslexic, now I've got the Racoon Virus. ", "Someone stole all my credit cards, but I won't be reporting it. The thief spends less than my wife did.", "Sending a message in braille is the best way to get in touch with someone. ", "Micro transactions -- It's in the game. ", "Monsters I thought I saw a monster under my bed but it turns out it was just an energy drink.", "I can't get to the bottom of why my wife does not like anal sex. ", "A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..", "Is the KKK a good source of Potassium? Yes, because they're all bananas.", "Congreenient: The practice of recycling, or being green, only when convenient. A person who only recycles when it is convenient to do so.", "Your honor since people say drugs and alcohol thats why i drove drunk at least i wasnt on drugs so i was clear headed ", "The wife said stop singing oasis lyrics or I\u2019m leaving. I said maybe ", "The new rectal temperature check at the Airport for Ebola was special. ", "I spilt spot remover all over my dog and now he's gone ", "Inner Ear function - I don't know where I stand on it ", "I own the world\u2019s worst thesaurus, not only is it awful, it\u2019s awful. ", "The playwright, annoyed by his sloppy cast finally shouted, \"c'mon guys, get your act together!\" ", "I was gonna tell a joke about pizza, but it's too cheesy.", "What's worse than getting raped by Jack the Ripper?  Getting fingered by Captain Hook", "last day if i have one day to live , i will start doing planks", "What does it taste like when you go down on a old lady? Depends...", "\"No matter what,\" said pure energy. ", "I slept right through the alarm this morning. Good thing it was only a small fire.", "sports [removed]", "I tried to catch some fog, but I mist ", "How do you get 30 drunk Canadians out of the pool. \"Please get out of the pool\".", "I exercise constantly. I am always running late.", "You'd be surprised how much it costs to look this cheap.\nDolly Parton", "What do you call cows that don't have a sense of humor? Feminists.", "Orphans I don\u2019t think orphans should have a last name. What\u2019s the point of a family name with no family.", "I love my wife, she always gives me 100% sound advice. 99% sound, 1% advice.", "Every time I try to pour a round of drinks it ends up all over the floor. I think I need glasses.", "It's really hard to take women with false eyelashes seriously, It's like watching 2 tarantulas scream for attention. ", "With great power comes no responsibility if youre god ", "How many managers does it take to change a light bulb? Three. One to get the bulb and two to get the phone number to dial one of their subordinates to actually change it.", "Movies are so bad these days that the average movie is below average. ", "What kind of water do you put into a waterbed? Spring water", "In the beginning, God invented prepositions. [deleted]", "Some catholic priests believe theres more ways for a child to get to heaven than an adult ", "What do you call it when a girl wipes back to front? A Choco-Taco", "I can't remember the definition of amnesia. ", "I'm killing time because time is killing me ", "When you're thirsty, Kool-Aid is the solution. ", "I was supposed to go on a date with a lawyer earlier, but I had to counsellor. ", "I threw an orgy last night, but nobody came. ", "My friend says I\u2019m self-absorbed, so I took a long, hard look at myself... Beautiful. ", "To say, \"half of one, six dozen of the other,\" is to make a gross error. Before anyone says \"six dozen is not a gross,\" remember the other side of the ratio is a *half.*", "The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.", "A duck walks into the pharmacy to buy some chapstick and says \"just put it on my bill\"", "I was woken at 3 o'clock this morning by my burglar alarm. \"Time to go out robbing,\" I yawned.", "If you don't know how to call a coin flip, think ahead. ", "Why are there no Irish lawyers? They can't pass the bar.", "Reconstructing prisons is a rewarding job. ", "What has 20 legs and flys? 5 dead horses.", "An army of babies should be called an infantry ", "How do you keep men on their toes? Raise the urinals", "Years ago, changing TV channels from a sitting position was a remote possibility. ", "Introducing free idiot tests! Only $5!", "Shout out to the people who don't know the opposite of in. ", "Looks like Lando is gonna be riding Solo now ", "People in cars cause accidents. Accidents in cars cause people.", "The suicidal cow lived and sued the slaughterhouse for malpractice ", "What's the worst thing a mother can say to her child? I should have swallowed you when I had the chance!", "Who called it studying bio with maths and not BioLog\u2091? [deleted]", "Donald Trump is not a fruit, but surely he's a wallnut. ", "I went to the doctors the other day and asked if he had anything for wind. So he gave me a kite.", "I wonder if King-sized sheets are called Presidential-sized sheets in Europe..", "The only reason why I'm hot is because I got fired.", "I'm sick and tired of people soaking my floor with their wet umbrellas when they come over to visit. I think it's time to make a stand.", "Post masturbatory clarity is literally you cumming to your senses ", "I quit my job working for Nike. Just couldn\u2019t do it anymore. ", "If you don't believe in oral sex, keep your mouth shut. ", "Helium doesn't make your voice anywhere near as high as shelium. ", "Smoking marijuana for arthritis pain is joint support for joint support. ", "I just made up a new word: plagiarism. ", "How much does a grand piano cost? \u00a31000", "What do you call a marine who can't swim? A submarine.", "I thought that pulling the shell off my racing snail would help it move faster. If anything it became more sluggish.", "Give your heart to jesus and your brain to satan ", "The first thing I do when I wake up every morning is try really hard to sleep. ", "Women say we men have it easy because we haven't experienced childbirth. How the heck do they think we got here?", "I fell in love at first sight...I probably should have looked twice.", "Yesterday somebody told me I misspelled psychology and looking back at it I can see why ", "The moon annoys the sun everyday just to get a rise out of it. ", "Ate a clock today, it was very time consuming. ", "My girlfriend says I'm clueless. I haven't an idea what she is talking about.", "A priest, a rabbi and a vicar walk into a bar. The barman says, ''Is this some kind of joke?''", "If any man knows a reason these 2 should not be married, speak now or forever hold your penis ", "\u202aWhen someone says \" 9 out of 10 forest fires are started by humans\", all I here is, \"There is a bear out there that knows how to use matches.\"\u202c ", "What so you call a teacher that's always late for school? Mr Bus.", "\"Yes, and...\" has a much more popular cousin \"I love it, but...\" ", "I'm a social smoker with lots of imaginary friends. ", "Grandad leant over to Grandma \"I just let out a silent fart, what do you think I should do?\" Grandma \"Put a new battery in your hearing aid\"", "Why did the book get stitches? Because he had his appendix removed. ", "What is Michael Jackson's favorite note? F minor. ", "What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang up the picture.", "What do Japanese men do when they have erections? They vote.", "Tampax workers are stuck up cunts. ", "\ud83e\udd14 ", "I was offered a job at the puppet factory, a 35 hour a week contract no strings attached. ", "LeAnn Rimes eulogized \u201cHow Do I Breathe? Without You!\u201d ", "I don\u2019t like to call it death, I prefer to call it the ultimate lie in ", "\u200eIf you want to get something done, give it to a busy man.", "I'm sure it was my two-year-old son who stole my pen. It's written all over his face.", "Timmy! Stop making people re-read stuff by putting question marks at the end of sentences?! ", "Yoko Ono translates to \u201cone egg\u201d. ", "What does a Gynecologist and a Pizza Boy have in common? They can smell it but they can't eat it", "I once had a business making submarines - it went under. [deleted]", "When I thought I found my groove, it turned out it was only a rut.", "The passenger couldn't find where his next flight was, but then he made the connection. ", "She said she wanted a sweater for her pooch, so I got her a 3xl. What url?", "My doctor reckons I'm paranoid. He didn't say it, but I know he's thinking it.", "Golf: The adult version of an Easter egg hunt. ", "A butcher murdered a little girl and has got a little behind in his work ", "I used to love birthday punches, until they killed my 93 year old grandpa. [deleted]", "If you ever come across an elephant, apologize and wipe it off. ", "Most men approve of premarital sex, until their daughters are born. ", "Right now, both Mexico and Canada are bordering on stupidity. ", "A friend of mine told me he did a stand up comedy routine from bed. He was lying. ", "Lollipop ladies. They make me cross.", "Why do horses have such a low divorce rate? Because they're all in stable relationships.", "There is no justice in this world, it is always ice and something else. ", "Keep your distance Give a man an inch and he'll take a mile... Give a man a mile and at least the greedy bastard will be so far away that you won't have to deal with him anymore.", "Why do women hold a grudge against you for many years if you call them fat? Because elephants never forget.", "Someone who eats their own food is a good cook, someone who laughs at their own jokes, is not funny.", "I know how to push all my wife's buttons but I can't find the mute. ", "I used to be superstitious until I found out it was unlucky. ", "Kobe Bryant has proven once and for all that helicopter parenting is harmful to children ", "I had to send you that pic of Gregg Allman's ex with her impersonator because Cher and Cher-alike ", "Give them a foot and they'll take a leg. ", "What do you do if a bird shits on your car? Don't take her out again", "Yo mama is so old that when I told her to act her own age she died.", "Jesus ratted god out about hell ", "I have too high of standards to date my identical clone. [deleted]", "People looking for the guillotine don't know where they beheaded ", "Why did Gateway computers go out of business? Because they led to stronger and addictive computers.", "During this time at home, I can't decide if I'm actually hungry or just bored. ", "At the College Of Stealth I took a class on how to fart silently ", "How do you know if someone is hitchhiking, or just complimenting your driving? ", "When a Chinese person leaves Asia, are they disorientated? ", "I wish I had a pair of skinny genes.", "I am 6 feet and 10 inches. Those are two different measurements BTW ", "Well, I wonder which evolution is more dangerous- viruses or minds of Homo sapiens? ", "It's sad to think that some baseball players feel that NFL cheerleaders are out of their league ", "What do you call Postman Pat on the dole? Pat", "What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta", "My wife said our marriage is becoming stale because I'm not spontaneous. So I waited until she fell asleep and shaved her eyebrows off.", "I bought a new pair of shoes with Memory Foam Insoles so now I don't forget why I walked into the kitchen. ", "I was having a conversation, but they wouldn\u2019t listen, so I slit their throat to get my point across. ", "I'm going to make a shirt for fat people that says \"I beat anorexia\".", "What do short people like to drive? A mini-van #joke", "Not all couples go to the gym, because some relationships don't work out. ", "How did Jesus get his abs? Cross Fit.", "I am a sex symbol, I symbolize no sex. [deleted]", "Someone tell me the definition of \"delegation\". [deleted]", "Why can't a Tyrannosaurus Rex clap? Because they're dead.", "Pregnancy kits - sometimes they're most useful when they're useless. ", "I went to a pet shop and put a sign saying 'chameleon' next to an empty cage. ", "How many Jewish mothers does it take to change a lightbulb?None.  They'd rather sit in the dark and suffer.", "The most difficult part about going vegan was quitting cold turkey. ", "Did you hear about the Muslim Party? It was a blast.", "I went to the doctors the other day, complaining about my sore feet. He said \"gout! \"I said \"fuck off, I've only just walked in!\"", "Don\u2019t count your eggs until they hatch, unless you\u2019re trying to make scrambled eggs ", "There is no \u201cI\u201d in denial. ", "What's the difference between sex and golf? In golf one bad hole won't kill you.", "My doctor has given me some anti-gloating cream, but I don't want to rub it in. ", "What do you call it when sheep don't bleat? Silence of the lambs. [removed]", "I achieved nirvana, but forgot how to do it because ignorance is bliss. ", "I had a fight with a snowman last night. He didn't last long....things got a bit heated.", "The wife and I decided to have a clear-out and have put all our dogging gear on eBay. We havent had any bids yet but theres thirty-four watchers", "When it comes to oral sex, male or female, I think people should just succumb. Ha ha, get it?  Suck cum!\n...\nI'll see myself out.", "If I laid my penis on a computer keyboard, it would stretch all the way from A to Z ", "It's rare to hear a well done steak joke these days ", "This coffee isn't my cup of tea. ", "Someone tell Facebook that all relationships are complicated.", "On a scale of North Korea to America, how free are you tonight? [deleted]", "Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired.", "I tried to look up lighters on ebay and all they had was 13 749 matches. ", "A good baker will rise to the occasion, it's the yeast he can do. ", "Twitter has saved me from a terrifying keeping-my-thoughts-to-myself addiction.", "What can I say, I'm a sucker for pacifier puns. [deleted]", "I hate people who make generalizations. They're all hypocrites. ", "This is my stepladder. I never knew my real ladder. ", "If I got a dollar for every time someone called my jokes stupid, I would write way more jokes ", "Why do gorillas have big nostrils? Because they have big fingers.", "Socks have the highest divorce rate.", "Artificial Intelligence is better than none ", "Quote of the day: \"Whenever you're feeling powerless, remember that just one of your turds can shut down a whole swimming pool.\"", "Thanks to mislabelling, I have finally discovered the first yellow human blood. ", "Dark humor is like food, some people dont have any ", "How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None. Feminists can't change shit.", "Irony is when you write 'Save trees' on a piece of paper. ", "I wanted to make a joke about Alzheimer's but I forgot it ", "The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. ", "Everything is possible through the power of our lord and saviour Jesus Fucking Christ ", "Why don't cannibals like clowns? Cos they taste funny.", "If you have any ideas on how to prevent burglary, my door is always open. ", "If schools would stop teaching subtraction, kids would never know the difference. ", "My wife told me to take a spider out instead of killing it. We went and had drinks. Cool guy, wants to be a web designer.", "What do ISIS and Little Miss Muffet have in common? They both have kurds in their way", "When I have a terrible headache, I put my head through a window and the pane disappears. ", "My uncle Jack got stuck on a horse. I had to help my uncle Jack off. ", "My love life is like a pack of cards, first it was all hearts and diamonds. Now I'm after a club and a spade!", "What do you call a man with a car on his head? Jack.", "My dad never loved me as a child. I can't blame him really. I wasn't born until he was an adult.", "People who say they suffer from constipation, are full of crap. ", "Reading US news these days, it is almost like America was built on thousands of native burial grounds ", "What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say before he began his chess game? I'll be black.", "What did the necktie say to the hat?\nYou go on ahead. I'll hang around for a while.", "Did you know that trampolines used to actually be called jumpolines? That is, until 1982 when your mom got on one. ", "I thought I knew the deceased camponologist, but he was just a dead ringer. ", "What's a woman and KFC got in common? Once you've finished with the breast and thigh all you've got left is a greasy box to stick your bone in.", "When the inventor of the boat first pitched the idea, they said \"I have an idea that I'd like to float your way\" ", "I met the girl of my dreams, then I woke up.", "Whenever it rains, my wife just stands at the window looking kind of sad. Maybe I should let her in.", "Headmaster of Hogwarts falls down the stairs. Tumbledore.", "The world record for biggest gender reveal party was in 1945 when Japan found out the United States had a Little Boy ", "My wife and I are having a competition to see who can steal the most dog related stuff from our local petshop..I've just taken the lead.", "I wanked over my blind girlfriends tits yesterday. She never saw me coming.", "Spiders are the only web developers happy to find bugs. ", "I just melted an ice cube by staring at it. Took a bit longer than I thought it would, though.", "How did I escape Iraq? Iran ", "I really want to buy one of those grocery checkout dividers but the checkout lady keeps putting it back.", "Things you'll never hear a woman say, \"My, what a lovely scrotum!!\" ", "Made a zine about making America great again. Called it a magazine. ", "Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? They are really good at it.", "Something impossible is just something that no one has done yet.", "I keep all my masculine clothes in my dresser, and all my feminine clothes in my cross-dresser. [deleted]", "I got so excited for spring I wet my plants. ", "If a cobbler gets laid off do they get the boot? ", "Only one thing keeps me from sticking to a diet. Food.", "I was so upset the other day by an out-of-body experience. I was beside myself.", "Why can't orphans play baseball? They don't know where home is.", "You guys want to hear a word I just made up myself: Plagiarism ", "Feed a man a fish; serve him for a day. Feed a fish a man; your fish is set for like a whole year. ", "I'm so good at sleeping, that I can do it with my eyes closed. ", "Don't you hate it when you wipe your arse too vigorously and your finger makes a hole in your girlfriend's sock? [deleted]", "Japanese scientists have created a camera with a shutter speed so fast, they can now photograph a woman with her mouth shut.", "Hahaha: Used when \"haha\" just isn't funny enough.", "I got my child to sleep last night by just repeatedly saying 'bursary'.It was the only nursery rhyme I could think of.", "My mother-in-law got ambushed by 6 men who starting punching her. My wife shouted 'Are you gonna help?', I said '6 should be enough!'", "I saw a lot of police at the bakery, but muffin was going on. ", "If you\u2019re going to be two faced, at least make one of them pretty. ", "As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in schools. ", "Today, someone was killed with a starters pistol. Police believe it was race related. ", "Sign posted in a bathroom: We aim to please! You aim too! Please!", "I had to break up with my bulimic girlfriend. She was making me sick. ", "Sleep is just death leaving you on read. ", "Pig without 3.14 is just 9.8 ", "Beer is like the sun, it rises in the yeast and sets in the waist. ", "I always play fair when I make the rules.", "What's the difference between rude and crude? Rude is when you throw your underpants at the wall, crude is when they stick to it.", "I was gonna nail a shelf to my wall, but then I thought Screw it!", "What do you call a one-legged woman? Ilene.", "What kind of organization is Atheism? Non-prophet.", "A donkey had an IQ of 186. He had no friends at all though. because nobody likes a smart-ass.", "I could never forgive my girlfriend if she caught me cheating ", "There are two deaf blokes Sat at each end of the bus, signing each other wildly. I'm fighting the urge to ask them to keep it down.", "Scientists say that sniffing Rosemary can increase memory by 75 percent, but every time I try she slaps me and says I'm a creep.", "If Theresa May was violated by Manneken Pis, it would be statue-Tory rape. ", "Did you hear about the optometrist who fell into a lens grinder and made a spectacle of himself? ", "I haven't talked to my wife in three weeks. I didn't want to interrupt her.", "95% of statistics are made up. ", "Incest puns are really coming into their own. [deleted]", "What is the similarity between Bill Gates & me? Don't know? \nHe never comes to my house & I never go to his house EGO PROBLEMS YOU KNOW.", "If you're literally asking me to choose between our relationship and my obsession with pointing out doors to people, well..There's the door.", "Whoever called it 'Dentures' really missed an opportunity to call it ' 'Substitooths'. ", "It's funny when broke bitches sing \"7 Rings\". ", "Don't you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do. ", "Sometimes pain is just nature's way of telling you that you're the nail instead of the hammer.", "Ceiling fans blow my mind. ", "My wife told me I'm not allowed to impersonate a flamingo anymore. I had to put my foot down.", "Amidst the virus crisis, Hooters recently introduced a door-to-door service called Knockers. ", "I always cry at the same spot in the movies. Right at the ticket window.", "If your leg is amputated, the hair on the leg is also amputated, but if you shave your leg first then its not ", "Mom is getting the same thing for Mother\u2019s Day she got last year, disappointment ", "When a human cannon ball loses their job, do they get fired? ", "I am still waiting to meet a flat earth believer who has lived life on the edge. ", "What day do penguins hate most? Casual Fridays", "Second base is a really touchy subject ", "I just asked my husband if he remembers what today is... scaring men is easy. ", "My time machine only operated in 500 year increments, but it was pretty useless because when I got there I couldn't understand English. ", "I used to be a schizophrenic. But we're okay now.", "Trickle down bootstraps ", "I've been revising for a practical exam on pest control. I was up all night swatting.", "Love is like a fart [removed]", "At my job I realized that some ass was giving names to all of the food in the refrigerator. Today I had a tuna sandwich named 'Bob'.", "NSFW If my aunt... [deleted]", "I went on a positive thinking course. It was shit", "Ordered a vault and a speaker...finally arrived safe and sound ", "I queued up for a club called Unemployment, but I didn't get in because I wasn't wearing trainers. ", "Did you hear about these new reversible jackets? I'm excited to see how they turn out.", "My friend said he got high from sniffing Coke, but I only have Pepsi. How do I do it?", "do you know hallmark have had to bring out a card in (austria), that says \"congratulations on escaping from your underground sex hell\" ", "I wonder if Whoopi Goldberg's parents realized the irony when they made whoopie. ", "I hate double standards. If a girl sleeps with loads of guys she's considered a \"slut\". Yet if a guy does it he's considered a \"homosexual\"", "If anyone is interested, I'll be signing books tomorrow at Barnes and Noble from 6 PM until I'm escorted out by security.", "Did you ever hear about the Lucky Charms leprechaun's evil twin? He was tragically malicious.", "lYou can thank your lucky stars that everything I wish for will never come true.", "My knowledge of abbreviations is LTD. ", "I have an EpiPen, My best mate gave it to me as he lay dying. It seemed very important to him that I have it.", "If Bin laden had a $25 million price tag on his head, I can't help but wonder what kind of turban he was wearing.", "I know a guy who used sell primates for a living, but the government put a stop to his monkey business ", "How long a minute feels depends upon if the bathroom is occupied or not. ", "I just figured out why erectile dysfunction is a thing...it really wasn't that hard ", "A bloke just ran up to me and said he was going to beat me up with the neck of his guitar! I said, is that a fret?", "I got an unregistered gun I call \u201cclitoris\u201d so far no man has been able to find it. ", "A duck was about to cross the road, when a chicken came running and said \"No don't do it! You'll never hear the bloody end of it\"", "I told my doctor that I broke my arm in two places. He told me to stop going to those places. ", "My girlfriend left me because of my obsession with being a news anchor.......... More on this later. ", "\"I dropped my toothpaste\" said John, crestfallen. ", "A procrastinator must be really good at crastinating [deleted]", "No means no, unless she's dyslexic. Then it's on!", "E.T. has been caught shoplifting, I always knew he was light fingered. ", "The way I remember how many hours are in a day is by remembering how many episodes are in a season of 24. [deleted]", "What's the best thing for a hangover? Drink loads the night before.", "Nudists must find it very difficult to clean their glasses. ", "I put the sexy in dyslexic. ", "How do you make a Pirate angry? Take away the P", "The wife insists we need more garden furniture. Not sure if I agree. I'm on the fence.", "It is very simple to be happy, but it is very difficult to be simple. --", "If swimming is so good for your figure, how do you explain whales?", "Absentee dads be like ", "A boat carrying red paint has crashed into a boat carrying blue paint. The crew have been marooned.", "I spilt spot remover on my dog, now hes gone ", "The closest to perfection most people ever get is when they're filling out a job application.", "What's white and can't climb trees? A Fridge", "To the guy that stole my antidepressants, I hope you\u2019re happy now ", "Whenever I want to start eating healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.", "As a metalhead I like to sit around the Christmas tree listening to Slayer. One Horse Open Slayer.", "You can't possibly drink alone. Even the bottle gets drunk with you. ", "What is ignorance? ", "If you have sex on a boat. Is that considered off-shore drilling?", "When you buy at the second hand store you've reached the point of no returns. ", "I can\u2019t believe I got fired from the calendar factory, I mean, all I did was take a day off. ", "Tonight is Open Mike Night at my autopsy club. ", "My sexual desires have been getting out of control, but it wasn\u2019t until I spanked a statue that I knew I\u2019d hit rock bottom. ", "I don't know much about immorality, but I know I'm not dying anytime soon. ", "Hard \u201cG\u201d animated pictures are gifs that keep on gifing ", "I dropped a sushi in my miso soup. Never thought I'd drown a fish. [deleted]", "It's okay to make a rounding error twice in a while. ", "When mechanics die It's heart-wrenching...", "Had a massage today, I came away in a foul mood. They rubbed me up the wrong way.", "I General Lee don't find Civil War jokes funny. ", "Yo Mama is so fat her BMI is measured in acres.", "If you rape a prostitute is it considered shoplifting? ", "Whoever invented knock knock jokes should win a no bell prize.", "I rocked a baby to sleep last night; I gave it the ol\u2019 one-two. ", "It\u2019s true that I\u2019m lazy, and it took me a really long time to admit that. ", "I started an anti masturbation support group... Nobody came. ", "My Dad told me to invest my money in bonds, so I bought 100 copies of Goldfinger. ", "I\u2019d like to help you out. Which way did you come in?", "My best friend was hospitalised after eating an extra large pizza..... IT WAS MINE. ", "What do you call a terrorist's girlfriend?  A Guantanamo Bae", "I was going to buy my Girlfriend \"Bambi\" on dvd for Christmas but it was a little dear. ", "I saw this really fit girl in the nightclub last night and she was wearing a chessboard patterned shirt. So, I made a move on her.", "What sound does a nut make when it sneezes? Cashew!", "Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time. I think I've forgotten this before.", "I was afraid when I got into an argument with an amputee, but then I realised he was mostly armless. ", "Salmon swim upstream because downstream is too mainstream. ", "What did the judge order in his whiskey? Just ice", "Hiring people who can't read classifieds. ", "An important Mennonite task is called Amish-un ", "I'm going to live forever, or die trying. ", "My girlfriend threatened to leave me because I keep pretending to be a transformer, but I can change. ", "Like the who man antagonized a midget in a Hitler costume, our decision was bound to provoke a little furor. ", "I have average intelligence but everyone else is stupid ", "When the TV repairman got married the reception was excellent. ", "What do you call a whale with no pants on? Free Willy.", "Teen mortality rates are high among dogs. ", "My mate keeps boasting that he owns a 3 foot pack of cards. Big deal.", "Most mathematicians don't realize, there's an easy way to round Pi. Just add an \"e\".", "My girlfriend text me earlier \"Why don't you ever put an x at the end of your texts?\" I replied, \"Sorry babe. Michelle.\"", "My wife used to be a size eight. Now she's a figure eight.", "\u2752Taken \u2752Single \u2714Addicted to Twitter", "BREAKING NEWS: Multiple reindeer face trial after allegations of discrimination ", "Did you hear? Sting was kidnapped! The Police still have no lead.", "What do you do if your wife keeps moaning at you? Put the phone down and order another drink from the bar.", "When my girlfriend said she'd like me to be the receiver at a bukkake party it hit me like a ton of dicks. ", "I enjoyed a little spoon with my girlfriend last night; the cutlery shop stayed open late. [deleted]", "I\u2019m only friends with people that have autism because I don\u2019t want to make eye contact either. ", "No one ends life a virgin, life screws us all.", "My eyelids are on the blink again! ", "I will take 'Same Stuff / Different Day' category for $200.00, Alex ", "My penis made it into the Guinness book of world records. But the librarian told me to take it out ", "Beware of alphabet grenades! They could spell disaster!", "I love eBay! I sold my homing pigeon eight times last month.", "Making another Facebook account with the name ' Nobody Actually ' to mess with people's heads when I like their statuses.", "My house cleaner is getting really annoying. She keeps asking me to move out and says she wants a divorce.", "They wasted it by calling it Krav Maga instead of Jewjitsu ", "I guess you heard about me weeing in the newsagents yesterday? It was all over the papers.", "For all you who think nothing is impossible, please go staple jello to a tree.", "Nothing makes me feel more in control then the shaking, panicking icons when I'm about to delete an app.", "If the judge sends me to anger management I\u2019m gonna be fkn pissed. ", "Too bad all the people who know how to run this country are busy running taxi cabs or cutting hair.", "What happened to the stressed out redhead? He ginger snapped", "They have just come out a disorder for people don\u2019t use their imagination; you can make this stuff up ", "Don't keep a man guessing too long - he's sure to find the answer somewhere else. #itstrueladies", "I just ate some mustard and had the strangest feeling that I had eaten it before. Dijon vu..", "I used to be addicted to swimming but I\u2019m very proud to say I\u2019ve been dry for six years. ", "I've been searching for my stolen bed for three days! I won't rest until I find it.", "A Bundt cake is best utilized when trying to get your other cakes into scoring position. Thought of this during the bake sale at our school today. I\u2019ll show myself out...", "Seven days without laughter makes one weak.", "Migration is unsettling. ", "I thought I was having delusions of grandeur, but it turns out I'm much, much better than that. ", "I have this nagging fear that everyone is out to make me paranoid.", "Cows have hooves because they lactose. ", "Two monkeys are getting into a bath. One goes: \"ooh ohh ah ah ah ah\" The other says: \"We'll put some cold in then\".", "Two fish are in a tank when one asks, \"How do we drive this thing?\" ", "You can't tell oneliners to kleptomaniacs, because they take things literally. ", "Dolphins are just gay sharks [deleted]", "What do you call a parrot under an umbrella? Polly unsaturated", "Me: Help! The 3DS is dying! Nintendo Ambulance: Wii U, Wii U, Wii U, Wii U ", "Filled up his gas tank for only $48. It was just enough to finish mowing my front lawn:", "I've just started dating a librarian. She's a (book)keeper.", "I love cooking children and dogs. but I hate using commas.", "Birthdays are nice and all, but too many of them can kill you. ", "Anyone else looking forward to the next season of Who Wants to be a President? ", "Two wrongs don't make a right but two Wrights make an airplane ", "If your homing pigeon doesn\u2019t come back, then what you\u2019ve lost is a pigeon. ", "I just saw a guy in the pub carrying 12 pints of lager. I thought, that guy can really hold his drink.", "I guess it just wasn't in Warren's DNA to be President. ", "The thief who stole my iPhone could face time. ", "How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable? AIDS.", "It's funny how time flies when a laughing bird steals your watch. ", "She asked if I wanted to hear a joke about sodium. I said \"Na.\". ", "They should call perfume reodorant. [deleted]", "Went to the Jeans factory today... it was riveting! ", "it\u2019s ok id you make a mistake, look at all of the mistakes our parents created ", "Whats the difference between a fish and a piano? You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish!", "How many Polacks does it take to change a light bulb?Just one, but you need 6000 Russian troops in case he goes on strike!", "They say sky diving is so dangerous, 1 in 5 people don't even hit the ground. ", "Hey, wait .. wait I'd like to make a toast. Anyone got any bread? ", "Women only call me ugly until they find out how much money I make. Then they call me ugly and poor.", "The man who invented the \"VELCRO\" died today. RIP.", "Had to say goodbye to my cat who climbed into the woodchipper. He is truly mist. ", "I'm stinkin'-filthy rich, well 2 out of 3 ain't bad. ", "I thought hosting the herding, trampoline, and fan conventions at the same time at the same place would be fine, but then the sheep hit the fan. ", "My girlfriend said she wanted me to tease her, so I said: \"Alright, fatty?\"", "What's brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre.", "I could have been a container. ", "What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.", "Why was the leper hockey game canceled? There was a face-off in the corner.", "I went to see a great tribute band last night called The Pretenders. ", "Wanna know what really makes my blood boil? Crematoriums.", "The new dating trend for serial killers is \"Netflix and kill\". ", "It really bugs me that OCD isn't alphabetized.", "If anyone here wants to become friends with a pirate salesman, keep an eye out. ", "I lol\u2019ed at this ", "Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes - Jim Carrey ", "Paddy and Mick are in a plane. Paddy asks \"If we do a loop, will we fall out?\" \"No\" replies Mick \"We'll still be pals!\"", "The question on waves was very trough. I'm crestfallen.  ", "An Arab offered me 40 camels for my wife. Unfortunately, I don't smoke.", "Why did Tony the Tiger go to prison? RRRrrrrrrrrrrrape!", "Whoever put the b in subtle really knows what they're doing ", "What did the elephant say to the naked man? \"Can you breathe through that?\"", "Somebody actually complimented me on my driving today. They left a note on the windshield. It said, \"Parking fine\", so that was nice.", "My doctor told me to drink a glass of wine after a hot bath..but I couldn't even finish drinking the hot bath!", "Why did Dave Grohl buy such a tall house? He wanted to make sure he was getting the best, the best, the best, the best-a view.", "I've said it before and I'll say it again, because 'it' is a pretty common word in our language ", "Corduroy Pillows: They're making head-lines everywhere! Can't remember where I heard this but it makes me chuckle.", "Why are aspirins white? Because they work", "Atheism is a nonprophet organization.", "Pardon My French, but I surrender. ", "Changed the computer password to \"keepquiet\" because that's something my girlfriend does not know how to do.", "\"They told me to play safe, so I played with one\" - Thief", "A contortionist in the Philippines would be a Manila folder. ", "You can make your water bed extra bouncy, by using spring water. ", "Did you hear the elephants at the circus are going on strike? They're tired of working for peanuts.", "Just to let you know, if anyone knocks on your door collecting money for Dr Barnados, it\u2019s a scam. He died in 1905. ", "What do you call a dead Mexican? Dearly deported.", "My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban at the zoo. ", "I may appear to have it all together, but on the inside I'm a bloody mess. ", "Imagine a keepy uppies champion kicking themselves. ", "I hated hipsters before it was cool. ", "I got arrested for impersonating a firework. They let me off.", "quarantine edition please, leave me a loan", "My new house has a circular driveway. I can't get out.", "Whenever I'm not doing cocaine, having sex with prostitutes, and drink driving, I'm actually a very sensible guy. ", "How my dad treats his kids beats the hell out of me. ", "My hugely-fat teacher was talking about the issue of obesity in America. Talk about an elephant in the room.", "He was telling me about 'history', I started listening intently only to realize it was not \"his story.\" ", "A train uses engineers to hear. ", "People who can\u2019t stop buying full length mirrors need to take a good long look at themselves. ", "1 m\u043enth I\u2019m using this g\u043e\u043ed s\u0435\u0445 d\u0430ting \u2013 I\u2019ve found girls who agr\u0435ed f\u043er s\u0435\u0445 [removed]", "I used to be conceited - but now I'm absolutely perfect. ", "Holocaust jokes aren't funny. Anne Frankly, I won't stand for it.", "What's a Scottish football fan's favourite movie? Home Alone.", "I've just found out that the guy that stole my journal has died. My thoughts are with his family.", "I bought some serving spoons, but they haven't made me any better at tennis. ", "What do you call a blonde in an institution of higher learning? A visitor.", "Got caught having a pee in the local swimming pool today. Lifeguard shouted so loud, I almost fell in...", "When a deaf person sees me yawn, does he think I'm screaming?", "You hear about the two guys that stole a calendar? They each got six months.", "I was gonna go to med school in Egypt, but then I learned that Cairo Practors aren't real doctors. ", "What's the difference between American teenage girls and Muslim teenage girls? American teenage girls get stoned BEFORE they have sex.", "Winter is now here. And Have I changed the stained silk sheets? No, but they've gotten worse.", "At the grocery store, I've warmed up to the idea of being in the freezer section. ", "The more say SpaceX, the more you\u2019ll want it ", "I've been thinking about selling my John Lennon memorabilia on eBay. Imagine all the PayPal.", "If you fall once, get up. If you fall twice, get up. If you fall for the third time, tie your shoelaces already.", "Why did Michael Jackson start the race 10 minutes late? He wanted to come in a little behind.", "The flies, call us walks. Definitely. ", "Here's my essay about The Ship of Theseus - if you download the entire essay online and change all the words slightly, is it still the same essay? ", "TIL that humans eat more bananas than monkeys which must be true; I can't ever remember eating a monkey. ", "Yime flies so fast that it's almost as if it time travels ", "I was offered a job selling teabags of an unconventional shape, turns out it was just a pyramid scheme. ", "Me learning to play the kazoo is humming right along. ", "Sometimes, instead of saying \"for example\", I'll say something such as \"such as\" for example. ", "Took the shell off my racing snail this weekend. Thought it might speed him up. If anything, it made him more sluggish.", "Popcorn is probably my favorite food that explodes before you eat it.", "What do you get when you cross a stream and a brook? Wet feet.", "I can't believe pretzels are knot bread ", "Bought a suit made from a cactus, looked pretty sharp in it.", "\"I keep telling myself that I am a pathological liar, but I am not sure if I believe it.\"", "I wish we all had the problems of other people. We're very good at solving those. ", "I'm looking for a personal trainer. The last one didn't work out. ", "Steve Irwin died how he lived, with animals in his heart. ", "Purchasing Viagra is the best way to stimulate the economy ", "If the gas station is 2 miles away and my dad can drive at 60MPH, why hasn't returned from getting snacks for 6 years?", "All this math practicing has really done a number on me. ", "The man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran.", "It takes guts to be an organ donor. ", "When someone tells me \"great question\" I never hear their answer because I'm too busy congratulating myself for asking such a great question ", "This song is called subtraction Take it away!", "Acronyms have no use IMHO. [deleted]", "a male virgin is someone whose dick has slid through a pussy just once ", "I've been engaged quite a few times, but never took the plunge. There have been quite a few near Mrs.", "I got myself a new job in the telescope factory. Things are really looking up.", "I'm making a TV series about a plane hijacking. We just shot the pilot.", "Doctor's office: All our records are electronic now just fill out these 12 forms ", "I'm a libtard didn't you get the email? No? Oh yeah Hillary deleted it! \ud83d\ude02 [deleted]", "You don't need to vaccinate your kids, only the ones you want to keep. ", "Jehovah's Witness' don't celebrate Halloween. I guess they don't like random strangers coming to their door.", "Shit happens so buy a bigger toilet ", "I tried quitting smoking, but cold turkey wasn't nearly as delicious as it sounded. ", "What kind of music did the Pilgrims like? Plymouth Rock", "Why do girls always get mad when I try to read their shirts? It's not my fault I'm blind.", "Did you hear about the guy with the invisible penis? He came out of nowhere.", "My body is a temple. That is, it feels and looks like something that was destroyed by the Romans some 2500 years ago.", "OJ Simpson has passed his cell by date... ", "I gotta dig bick. You that read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong also. And said \"moment\" after awkward. This is awkward.", "I don't mean to boast, but my dick doesn't just shrivel in the cold. ", "We'll never run out of maths teachers.. because they keep multiplying.", "Don't leave acid tablets on the floor; it's a tripping hazard. ", "Men don't care whats on tv. They care what else is on tv.", "Happy New Year everyone... Think I may have premature congratulation.", "So my professor doesn't talk , she yells :) ", "Thank goodness for electricity. Without it, we'd all be watching tv by candlelight.", "Marriage is grand, but divorce is 50 grand.", "Those laxative commercials seem to go right through me.", "What do Ethiopians get for Christmas? Hungry", "You have to hand it to blind prostitutes ", "I phoned OK magazine, when they answered they said, \"Hello.\" So I hung up, I must have got the wrong number. ", "I went up to Mr. T and said, \"I'm going to cook you a dessert.\" He said, \"Try fool!\" I said, \"No, strawberry cheesecake, actually.\"", "What's the best part about fucking twenty-eight year olds? They're twenty of them.", "I was going to tell you a gay joke, butt fuck it.", "Once in a while I take the blame when the dog farts, just to pay him back.", "If I had a choice between ending world hunger or watching a mountain lion perform a guitar solo, everybody would eat but I'd regret it forever ", "I only practice safe sex in bank vaults. ", "Honey, would you like a snack? \"No\" Then would you make me one?", "Intelligence is the first thing I look for in a woman, because if she doesn\u2019t have that, I may just have a chance. ", "The local mimes aren't exactly on speaking terms. ", "After my pet dolphin died, I felt like I didn't have a porpoise anymore. ", "What's red and white and flies at night? A sanitary owl.", "I feel vaguely ambivalent about my job at the NSA, but I can't really say why. ", "My wife likes it when I blow air on her when she's hot, but honestly... I'm not a fan. ", "My mate knows a crafty butcher, he likes his meat around the back. ", "Two fish in a tank. One says to the other; \"You man the guns and I'll drive\"", "With copper unavailable, continued operation of the mint would make no cents. ", "we all come from inbreeders since there was a first living cell on Earth ", "What do you call a guy who lives in a bush? Russell.", "Was dancing like crazy on the bar in my local boozer tonight! bartender told me to get down. [deleted]", "Grammar is the difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.", "The best therapists don't have any patients ", "Any Restaurant's a drive-thru if you go fast enough. ", "Don't spell part backwards. It's a trap. ", "Which spice girl can hold the most petrol? Geri can", "Why did Jesus drop out of the carpentry business? He got too attached to his work.", "&gt;\u2019Enter new password\u2018 ~ 'BaDum' &gt; \u2018Password must contain a cymbal\u2018 ~ 'BaDumTsss' ", "If anyone has any advice on how to deal with plastic surgery gone wrong, I'm all ears ", "Dildos are for pussies. ", "I'm in a pirate themed band, and we can't stop writing hooks ", "I once dated a magazine collector and let me tell you, man, she had some issues! ", "Donald Trump is such a cock that when he takes Viagra, he gets taller. ", "What's big, green and has a trunk? An unripe elephant.", "California has the highest rates of depression and adultery in America. Such a sad state of affairs.", "It takes guts to be an organ donor ", "I stood up and the button on my shirt fell off, I grabbed my bag and the handle broke off, and now I'm really afraid to go to the bathroom.", "Of all the things Of all the things I've lost I miss my good golf shoes the most.   The ones I wear swimming.  ", "The 200th anniversary of the founding of the buffalo sanctuaries will be marked by a Bisontennial celebration.", "I was trying to daydream but my mind kept wandering. ", "Vacuums suck, or they suck. ", "What's the fastest type of cake? Scone", "Gaining 5 pounds is a piece of cake for me. ", "Despite the flat geography of The Netherlands, Amsterdam is the highest capital city in Europe. ", "Everyone's a victim and it's all our fault. ", "My parents used to beat me with a phone. I was always on the receiving end.", "Unorthodox people are all the same. ", "The shinbone is a device to find furniture in a dark room. ", "I don\u2019t fuck clowns \u2018cause it feels funny. ", "If I had a pet newt I would name it Tiny, because it would be my newt. ", "ThereS only one problem with my mid life crisis. I'm 16.", "My wife left me for a weather man. She'll be mist.", "My mate has a butler with a missing left arm, serves him right.", "I was masturbating today and my hand fell asleep - that's got to be the ultimate rejection. ", "If I had to choose one person, it would definitely be you guys [removed]", "Why women don't refer to a heavy period as ellipses I'll never know. ", "prASSident tRUMP is a BUM [removed]", "There are three kinds of lies: Lies, Damn Lies, and Statistics.", "Liners liners, that's two liners ", "A naked man broke into a church and the police chased him around and finally caught him by the organ. ", "There's two fish in a tank. One turns to the other and says 'You man the guns, I'll drive'", "For the past ten years I've had a memory foam mattress constantly reminding me the general shape of my ex-girlfriends. ", "I was offered a job of dressing up as a monkey to advertise my local zoo, but I turned it down because it paid peanuts. ", "I was gonna tweet a really good joke but the stupid autocorrect on my phone keeps ruining the lunchtime.", "I just spent half hour grilling some chicken..but it still wouldn't tell me why it crossed the road!", "The Swedish are not quite as Swedy as Swedes. ", "A man rushed into a busy doctor's surgery and shouted, \"Doctor! I think I'm shrinking!\" The doctor calmly responded, \"Now, settle down..You'll just have to be a little patient. ", "My wife has no hands. I feel for her.", "I'm just not convinced I'm as skeptical as people say. ", "As I watched the dog chase his tail, I thought \"Dogs are easily amused.\". Then I realized I was watching the dog chase his tail.", "I got stung by a bee the other day. \u00a320 for a jar of honey.", "This sentence is a lie. ", "An acorn is an oak, in a nutshell. ", "Jokes about German sausage are the wurst ", "Massive props to the set designer on Ant-Man ", "Internet lag is a ", "Explainations [removed]", "Whats small red and whispers? A hoarse radish.", "Theres a fine line between hyphenated words.. ", "Dad: \u2018Your a unit of power son.\u2019 Son: \u2018im a watt!\u2019 ", "ego-fart: Flatulence forced from one's body in a pompous, self-satisfying manner, without regard to the consideration of others.", "My girlfriend says I never take her anywhere expensive, so I took her to the gas station.", "Colonel Sanders never fought in the military. He was too chicken. ", "I was trying to figure out what tree this was, but I'm stumped ", "How can you spot the prostitute at the Miss America pageant? She's wearing a sash that says Idaho.", "What do you call two ants that run away to get married? Antelopes", "I want to tell a joke about Steve Jobs, but won't because it's not PC.", "Have you heard of the corduroy pillow? Its making headlines.", "Why do Jewish men get circumcised? Because Jewish women can't resist anything 25% off.", "I turned 20 and soon I turned 30 and I whipped those 50 men on their backs ", "My grandma told me her joints are getting weaker, so I told her to roll them tighter. ", "Don\u2019t you hate it when you\u2019re dating identical twins and you get confused and you fuck the dad? ", "To have a sex you need to make lots of dick moves ", "My girlfriend reminds me a lot of her boobs: fake. ", "Study: The act of watching TV, texting and eating with an open textbook nearby.", "Im sorry, did The middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?", "Put your hands up if its 12:00! ", "I've trained my dog to bring me a glass of red wine. It's a Bordeaux collie.", "12 gauge vasectomy ", "I was once cast as Oliver in a silent interpretation of Oliver Twist, It was brilliant. I couldn't ask for more!", "Why did the chef add extra oregano to the sauce? He was making up for lost thyme.  ", "I saw a local farmer dancing today, guess he dropped the beet. ", "Why did they have to cancel the volleyball games in the special olympics? It wasn't going over too well.", "Dear librarian, have you any books on how to stop sounding pompous? ", "I backed a horse named Creosote today, amazing over fences ", "how *do* you pierce brosnan? ", "Life is like a bubble bath. All fun and games till till you get some in your eye.", "What kind of car does Jesus drive? A Christler", "What sexual position creates the ugliest kids? Ask your parents. ", "TIL Audie is pronounced \"oddy\", and not \"Gold-Die\". ", "I read a lot of books as a kid, but my favorite was Old Yeller. Couldn't put it down! ", "Winter's coming, time to take off the stained satin sheets.", "I'm going to become a handyman and immediately corner half the market by doing the even jobs. ", "I saw a girl fully clothed walking by me at the mall earlier today, 'Skank' I thought to myself, 'I bet she's naked under all those clothes'", "Vandals destroyed many road signs in my neighborhood - they really pulled out all the stops. ", "I just got back from the corner shop. Bought some corners.", "Opinions People matter, but their opinions do not have to matter to you.", "If it doesn\u2019t have a tail it\u2019s not a monkey. ", "I was a man stuck in a woman's body, then I was born. ", "What?!? You\u2019re from Turks AND Caicos ", "Why do the French not have a word for entrepreneur? ", "My obese parrot died. It was a weight off my shoulder. ", "I bet the butcher the other day that he couldn\u2019t reach the meat that was on the top shelf, but he refused to take the bet, saying that the steaks were too high. ", "Using this pandemic time to write a mini-series. You need a microscope to watch it. ", "My friend recently got crushed by a pile of books, but he\u2019s only got his shelf to blame. ", "I love Dry erase boards. They're remarkable.", "My Taiwanese friend is so incredibly rude and bossy, I think he has a strong Taipei personality. ", "How fast does a Zebra have to run before it looks grey?", "Why is it called PMS? Because mad cow disease was taken.", "I wish I'd stop thinking that Satan's hiding in a ditch waiting for me, but I just can't hell pit. ", "My problem of constantly dropping things is really getting out of hand. ", "What is a ghost's favourite ride? A roller-ghoster.", "Humans don't have forelegs because we don't have four legs. ", "My mate has swallowed some Lego. The doctor's aren't too worried, but he's shitting bricks.", "Did you hear about the agnostic, dyslexic, insomniac? He stayed up all night wondering if there is a dog.", "I don't mind you talking so much, as long as you don't mind me not listening.", "Optimists think the glass is half full. Pessimists think the glass is half empty. Realists know that someone will have to wash the glass.", "What's the difference between England and a tea bag? A tea bag stays in the cup longer!", "You're not living longer, you're just dying slower!", "My boss gave me a new project and said he needs it by yesterday, so I took time off from that project to research how to build a time machine ", "Man who goes through airport turnstiles sideways, is going to Bangkok. ", "I wish some conversations came with a fast-forward button.", "I used to sneak out of the house to go to parties. Now I sneak out of parties to go home.\ud83c\udf89\ud83c\udf8a ", "I sometimes feel like I'm a goat I think it started when I was a kid", "I'm going to go stand outside, so if anyone asks, I'm outstanding. [deleted]", "I've been singing the nursery rhyme Head, shoulders Knees N toes missing out the words .... \"And eyes and ears And nose and mouth\" #beatcoronavirus ", "I have a chicken proof lawn...it's impeccable. ", "So you know that phenomenon in 1990 that 150 sheep fell off a cliff? Well that's \"unherd\" of.", "TRUMP... European leaders continue to practice social distancing by staying 3000 miles away from Trump.", "The tooth fairy also collects kidney stones ", "My penis fell off, so I gave the wife a bollocking.", "If your job is to buy and sell URL's, you can probably call yourself a domain expert ", "I wanted to create a subreddit to help motivate people but I couldn't be bothered. ", "We have a giant squid to catch, so let's get kraken! ", "I just gave away all of my dead batteries free of charge. ", "What do ghosts use to wash their hair? ShamBoo.", "Did you hear about the angry gymnast? He just flipped.", "After a bad day I came home to find that somebody has ripped the front and back pages from my dictionary. It just goes from bad to worse.", "I realized what bothers me about the whole gender name debate. After 13 years of public education, it took a bunch of upset transsexuals to teach me what a pronoun is. ", "It was only 7 days ago, but it felt just like last week.", "The inventor of the anagram has died, may he \"erect a penis.\" ", "You know what I\u2019ve always said about cliffhangers ", "Once I beat up the school bully with a baseball bat. Both his arms were completely broken, which is what gave me the courage to do it.", "I just ordered separate home deliveries of chicken and eggs. I'll keep you posted. ", "Why don't midgets use tampons? They trip over the strings.", "conjunctivitis.com - A site for sore eyes ", "Ever have a fly land on your computer screen and your first reaction is to hit it with the cursor?", "________________________________ers ", "My dog chased a kid on a bike, So we took away his bike.But he kept barking.So we gave it back.Because his bark is worse than his bike.", "I can't stand being in a wheelchair. ", "My mate asked me to lock up his boat, but I couldn't find the quay. ", "I am so jealous of my parents because there is no way I'll get a kid as cool as theirs.", "Just so everybody\u2019s clear, I\u2019m going to put my glasses on. ", "Thanks to the Higgs Boson, everything is a matter not to be taken lightly. Thanks to the Higgs Boson, everything is a matter not to be taken lightly.", "You'd get a lot of shit from your friends if you worked at the local sewage treatment plant. ", "Whenever I have a problem, I just sing. Then I realize that my voice is worse than my problem and it isn't a big deal anymore.", "My mate says,I remember my very first date with my wife,can u?\n\"Yeah,\"I replied,she was wearing sexy red lingerie,then u closed the curtains", "Hipsters don't use online dating sites cause that shit isn't developed organically. ", "If you think about it long enough, you\u2019ll see that it\u2019s obvious.", "A group of kids is called a migraine ", "I'm a perfectionis [deleted]", "How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb? Just Juan", "A will is a dead giveaway. [deleted]", "J\u00e4germeister should be consumed in an elevator to lift up the spirit. ", "I didn't like my beard at first but it has grown on me. ", "Counting in binary goes from 0-100 real quick. &amp;#x200B;", "Well, this self-improvement course is \u00a32 cheaper than the last one. ", "I'm not saying my wife's a fat bitch, but I've had to put all the chocolate biscuits well out of reach. On the floor.", "Whats red and bad for your teeth? A brick.", "Sometimes i buy TuPacs of gum ", "lThose of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do.", "I was in love with a tennis player, but it meant nothing to her. ", "I was playing chess with my friend and he said, \u2018Let\u2019s make this interesting\u2019, so we stopped playing chess. ", "Being sick can really affect your grades in school. The kid my son cheats off of was out all last week.", "Why are pilots so great at 'landing' jobs?", "If you have 2 choices and you take 1 away, you have 0 choices. ", "I have decided to write all my jokes in capitals from now on. This one was written in London.", "Forklift operators do not care for oneliners - they find them unpalletable. ", "I tried to get the cow back into the stall, but his mind couldn't be suede. ", "I keep imagining I'm holding an invisible pack of cards,No one knows what I'm dealing with.", "Right after we broke up, my ex-girlfriend asked me how to change her relationship status on Facebook.", "There's nothing like individuality. ", "debt is a drug they want to get you hooked on ", "Have you seen the movie \"Constipation\"? Well, it hasn't come out, yet. ", "This shirt is dry clean only, which means it\u2019s dirty. ", "What do you call a judge with no fingers? Justice Thumbs", "If your great-grandmother saw you making boxed mashed potatoes, she would turn over in her gravy. ", "Yo Mama is so ugly, it affects her self-esteem.", "I was born legs first so for a brief period of time, I wore my Mom as a hat. ", "My friend had amnesia and couldn't remember how to walk up the stairs, So I had to go back and teach him step by step.", "I wanted to date some girls with scurvy so I hit them with my pickup limes ", "What's the difference between 'light' and 'hard'? You can fall asleep with a light on!", "What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved. ", "Necrophiles dig up a lot of stuff from my past. ", "What's small, brown, hairy and wears sunglasses?A coconut in disguise.", "I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize. ", "How did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate his dinner before it was cool.", "Why did Jesus quit playing hockey? He was tired of getting nailed to the boards.", "I know a good eye doctor when I see one. ", "Thats enough about me let's talk about my job Job can be exchanged for many things such as \"blog\" which I have heard before", "A watched pot never boils is bullsh*t, I know - I've seen it. ", "I was hoping you would not be the nicest person I ever met, I just haven't met anyone else yet. ", "If a deaf person swears, does their mom wash their hands with soap?", "My son is allergic to peanuts. He breaks out in a rash every time I bring home my paycheck.", "\"Hop in!\" I said to the one-legged hitch-hiker. ", "I hate Lay's for selling me air in a bag with a little bit of chips.", "After I used my blunt as a smog machine my check engine light guided me home. ", "I ain\u2019t the brightest book in the shed. ", "Jainism is a mosquito conspiracy. ", "People with deuteranopia make me red with envy. ", "The bowel movement is something we can all get behind. ", "A baby seal walks into a club . . . . . . . . ", "My superpower is that I can look my wife directly in the face for 10 minutes straight and not hear a single word. ", "It\u2019s not flame retardant it\u2019s combustably challenged. ", "When I drink alcohol, everyone says im an alcoholic. When I drink fanta, no one says I'm fantastic.", "I\u2019ve successfully grown a field of dildos, but now I have a problem with squatters. ", "To error is feminine, that's why it's called a mistake not a mrtake. ", "I want to get a sex change, to be frank. [deleted]", "What do you call a stoner with down syndrome? A baked potato.", "The Stockholm disease is the predictor of Sweden's worst nightmare. ", "Trying to get an organ off a jeohavah witness is like getting blood out of a stone ", "Why does Noddy have a bell on his hat? Because he's a twat.", "An abortion in Czechoslovakia is a cancelled Czech ", "Local Shingles looking to be nailed. ", "A French girl in my math class said \"De answer is tree\" I'm not sure how much tree is, I think its a little more than a bushel. ", "I just quit my job at the helium bottling plant and I refuse to be spoken to in that tone! ", "Circus dogs fly through the air with the greatest of fleas. ", "Make the little things count and teach math to midgets. ", "Thank god for nipples! Without them, boobs would be pointless.", "Lord nelson was about 5ft 6 however, his statue is 17ft which is Horatio of about 3:1. ", "My wife called me a wimp. I almost said something. ", "I would die without hyperbole ", "Why did the scarecrow get an award? He was outstanding in his field.", "How do vampires fall in love? Love at first bite!", "Money does grow on trees! Banks have branches don't they?", "What does a Polack use a \"rubber\" for?  Seal-a-meal", "Two monkeys in a bath together. First one says: \"Ooh Ooh Ah Ah\" Second one says: \"Best put some more cold water in then\".", "Just had a mole removed from my penis. It's my own fault for shagging moles.", "So, I ordered a sex toy on line. It was so good, even the mail came. ", "Aerosmith swept the verticle conveyance category of the Vehicular Grammys for the 29th year in a row with \"Love in an Elevator.\" ", "I got my heavy goods licence today. My wife prefers to call it a marriage certificate.", "No matter how nice of a person I try to be, part of me will always be a dick. ", "Why do blind people walk their dogs so much?", "If the devil ever goes bald, there could be hell toupe. ", "Telling your partner about your bukkake fetish is one way to end up in a sticky situation ", "I'm a fast listener. I listen to my girlfriend so fast I usually finish listening before she's done talking.", "Did you guys hear the one about the deaf guy? Don't worry, he didn't either.", "Dear microwave, Why are your minutes so much longer than normal ones? Sincerely, super hungry me.", "If I melt dry ice, can I swim without getting wet?", "My girlfriend called me to break up with me because 'I don't understand the simplest concepts'--I said'Hang on, how'd you get in my phone?'", "I forgot to go to the gym today. That's 7 years in a row now.", "Did you hear about the poker player who lost his arm and got a prosthetic replacement? He's finding it hard to deal with.", "Studies say that in England sex education has flopped. ", "A cannibal is someone who is fed up with people. ", "How do frogs die? They Kermit suicide.", "I've a elevendency to exaggerate things. ", "Pig puns are so boaring. ", "Two men walk into a bar... You would have thought the second one would have ducked....", "Does the name 'Quasimodo' ring a bell? ", "When a clock is hungry it goes back four seconds.", "Why did the monkey fall out of the tree? Because he was dead.", "I like my farts like I like my men: in gas form ", "Marijuana farm cowboys need to get off their high horses [deleted]", "I only look up to you because I'm short. ", "I told my girlfriend I had a job in a bowling alley. She said \"Tenpin?' I said \"No, permanent.\"", "When the wheel was invented. It started a revolution.", "Suppositories are a pain in the butt. ", "I don't mean to be offensive, but I really love all stereotypes; boomboxes are my favorite. ", "Mrs says I have a short attention spanners are great aren't they!", "What did Santa Claus\u2019s wife say during a thunderstorm? Come and look at the rain, dear.", "Jewish women don't attend gatherings that celebrate pregnant women because they're not too fond of showers. ", "If security is posted at the Samsung store, does that make them Guardians of the Galaxy? ", "The Dyslexia Organization of America, in partnership with the Emergency First Responders Organization, is proud to announce its new medical emergency hotline: just dial 119 ", "Statues made of red liquid from humans are bloody impressive. ", "Why do ghosts love elevators? Cause they lift their spirits.", "there's a thin line between conspiracy theorists and Chemtrails ", "Can circumcisions be carried out at any age or is their a cut-off date? ", "I came across a hooker who'd do anything for $50\nGuess who got the porch repainted?", "The wife asked me to get that spray that will make the curtains smell nicer. Apparently femfresh wasn't it", "Why wasn't Hitler ever invited to barbecues? He always burned the franks", "I've just got back from the porn awards, they are just like any other award ceremony, only the red carpet is shaved. ", "Blind man walks into a bar, and a table, and a stool.. ", "If needing some personal room, join NASA, they'll give you plenty of space.", "One day i will be a scientist and invent an antiseptic that kills those remaining 0.01% germs. ", "There has to be give and take in a relationship; for instance in mine, I give her all my attention and she takes all my sanity. [deleted]", "I usually meet my girlfriend at 12:59 because I like that one-to-one time. ", "Tea is for mugs.", "I didn't do too well in the pub quiz the other night..I know nothing about pubs.", "Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously move! You're in the way!", "Why doesn't God like pizza? Because he doesn't exist.", "I just tried coffee for the first time, but to be honest, it wasn't really my cup of tea. ", "20 seconds left on the microwave! Women:  Set the table, pour the wine, tweet, check Facebook. Men: Start a NASA rocket launch countdown.", "People often say \"icy\" is the easiest word to spell and looking at it now, I see why. ", "I just bought a new blindfold. Can't see myself wearing it though.", "To be honest, you can't lie ", "Take your pet to school day is fun and all until someone brings a Desert Eagle ", "Plugs keep bending? Straighten the outlet with a fork!", "My pet bird has lost its voice. Please retweet.", "What have women and a building society account got in common? Once you withdraw you loose interest.", "I\u2019ve had amnesia for as long remember ", "If loving you is wrong, I've probably loved you.", "I saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching....to reverse and leaving the scene.", "Two blondes walk into a bar, the redhead ducks... ", "I asked Sean Connery whats his favourite London landmark was? \"Shard\". I know it is mate but just give it a go..", "What do you call a man with a spade? Doug.", "Whats the worst thing about manufacturing tabletops? It's counterproductive", "7 men out of 10 is 3. ", "If I had a quarter for every time homeless person asked me for change, I'd still say no.", "A book just fell on my head. I've only got my shelf to blame.", "How do you know you let a hippie stay at your house? He's still there.", "The fight we had last night was my fault. My wife asked me what was on the TV and I said dust.", "When my friend told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down. ", "I had lost whole boxes of submitted questions about rocks, but then they were found in quarries. ", "I think that verification codes are HI2Bx [deleted]", "For most things in life it's three strikes and you're out. Except bowling. ", "You can't beat a gold medallist. ", "My boat is under the weather, so I took it to the dock. ", "Me and my recliner go way back.", "What do you call a man in the sea with no arms and no legs? Bob", "Who says love is dead? Necrophiliacs", "I asked my girl what she wanted for Christmas this year, and she said \"Surprise me\"... So I phoned her from Hawaii.", "I made a pretty big 'To Do List', so far I haven't found anyone willing to do any of it. ", "My married friends keep trying to set me up. I don't know where they find all these bloody gloves. ", "Women can't get enough of my small penis. ", "People who rob jewelry stores and banks are pretty bad, but people who rob bakeries really take the cake. ", "Two vultures board an airplane, each carrying two dead raccoons. The stewardess says: \"Sorry, gentlemen, only one carrion per passenger.\"", "The last piece of that Butterfinger I ate in '07 finally came out of my teeth.", "How much XP can I get for killing the mood? ", "My karma ran over your dogma ", "A rule of grammar: double negatives are a no-no. ", "What did the scientist say when he found two helium atoms? HeHe", "If you dont like sleeping with your neighbors dog, tell him its too loud ", "If women ruled the world, there would be no wars, just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other. ", "Best pickup line ever:\nDoes this rag smell like chloroform to you?", "A cop was talking to my parrot who said aaawk snitches get stitches ouch im hit no you cant bury me alive you got to finish the job ", "Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving. ", "I'm an archaeologist and my life is in ruins ", "what did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two..... ", "Society is so progressive that even women can now beat their own wives ", "To the guy who invented zero, thanks for nothing! ", "A giraffe walks into a bar and says the highballs are on me. ", "I got a circular hot tub, goes to 360 degrees. [deleted]", "One \u201cline\u201d is defined by the shortest distance from point A to point B. Any midget joke counts. ", "If someone tells you they're xenaphobic, it means they're afraid of warrior princesses. ", "Did you hear about the one legged sumo wrestler? He was a total pushover.", "Cleopatra was one BABF. ", "There's a fine line between holding hands and keeping her from shopping.", "The boss says they passed over a lot of good people before they hired me.", "A detective is driving around in an unmarked car. The car hasn't been spotted yet. branee net 002-Staying-Correct.html#2", "My new year's revolution is to learn how to spell. ", "Don't join dangerous cults. Always practice safe sects!", "Winter tip: don't make snow angels in dog parks. ", "My offensive driving courses start Friday ", "Is there rollover Madness that I can use in April?", "Shout out to all the people who don't know the opposite of in ", "So, I\u2019ve started turning my lights on and off with my voice, now I\u2019m arguing with my lightbulbs. ", "I wondered why the guy next to me was sitting in the Urinal and he told me he had Diarrhea. ", "I want to kill myself every time my suicide jokes make things awkward. ", "Police Fitbit measures every step you take. ", "We had gay burglars the other night. They broke in and rearranged the furniture.", "Everything's a UFO when you're nearsighted ", "I always tell my kids to stay at school, but they keep coming back. ", "When you\u2019re in California, make sure your mechanic uses a state flag to check your oil, then you\u2019ll get a \u201cSuper Cali-Flagger Dipstick Expert Diagnosis.\u201d ", "I would never pee on a tree but a dogwood. bud dum tissss ", "I believe that children are our future, unless robots take their jobs now ", "A blonde read a news headline, \"12 Brazilian soldiers killed\" She shook her head and asked her friend, \"How many is a Brazilian?\"", "The rotation of earth really makes my day ", "Robots are never anxious because they have nerves of steel.", "The center of the nervous system is the human brian. ", "lennon say....no... [removed]", "My friend came and asked me why I had two quarters in my ear. I said,\" I'm listening to 50 cent\"", "My mate just said \"there's only one thing that a scares me about Halloween\". I asked \"which is?\". \"Exactly\" he replied.", "Autocorrect makes me type things I didn't Nintendo. ", "My wife\u2019s leaving me because she thinks I\u2019m obsessed with astronomy, but seriously, what planet is she on? ", "Man goes into a chip shop with a salmon under his arm. He says \"Got any fishcakes?\" \"No sorry\" \"Awww that's a shame it's his birthday\"", "All doors go to the school of hard knocks. ", "A huge section of tree just broke off and demolished a bank in town. I've no idea which branch it was though..", "Here\u2019s to being single \u2013 drinking doubles \u2013 and seeing triple!", "What's the difference between boy scouts and Jews? Boy scouts always come back from camp!", "Some day you'll go far, and I hope you stay there.", "I only jaywalk in hopes that a truck-chan notices me and bangs me ", "Did you hear the one about the lion who ate the lawyer? Had to lick his butt afterwards to get rid of the taste!", "Why did the banana lose his drivers license? He peeled out. ", "What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea? I've never paid $300 bucks to have a garbanzo bean on my face.", "I've told the wife I'm going dry for January.\u00a0I really can't be arsed with foreplay.", "A group of cocks make up a caucus. ", "Amish safe sex: painting an \"X\" on the cows that kick.", "I have a joke for you about Social Security, but you're probably not going to get it. ", "My mum and dad's going through an identity crisis. ", "Im doing a porn watch party... If ya wanna come ", "What's the the key to telling an ISIS joke? The execution.", "I AM in shape. Piriform is a shape. ", "I have enough money to last me the rest of my life. Unless I buy something.", "Why did Jon Snow stand in line for 6 hours at the Apple Store? For the watch", "What is the same size and shape as an elephant yet weighs nothing? An elephants shadow.", "Did you hear about the guy who mixed Viagra and laxatives? He didn't know if he was coming or going.", "I tried to do the scientific method in court but the same case is illegal to repeat ", "Don't tell anytwo, but I suck at math. ", "I think Adam Levine lives in Jefferson City, why else would he sing that he's in Missouri? ", "The winner of \"The Self-Harming With Glass Contest\" was clear-cut. ", "It's baffling why Marvel never used Hulk as an advertisement. He's literally a massive banner. ", "I was going to bring you a joke anyone can understand, but I couldn't get it ", "Do you ever get half way through eating a horse and you realise you weren't as hungry as you thought?", "You call it arson, I call it free lance cremation. ", "I have a joke about unemployment, but it needs some work.", "Is a small dog that acts more like a cat a purrjurer? [removed]", "People say the cemetery is cursed, but I've not seen a single ghost or ghoul in all the 136 years I've worked here! ", "I don't understand how people get eaten by sharks? I mean...don't they hear the music? ", "Aaron Hernandez died doing what he loved: Killing someone ", "I am a vegan, not because I love animals, but because I hate plants. ", "I asked my girlfriend to suck the life out of me and leave me dry..... She replied \"Yes, I'll definitely marry you.\" ", "I like to shit with the door open because it keeps people from getting into the elevator with me. ", "Light travels faster than sound, which is why some people appear bright... until you hear them speak. ", "What do the president of a the USA and a newly formed country of catty gay men have in common? Their fear of assassination. ", "Don't know if it's me but every time I email trampoline.com it bounces back ", "I hate it when people say I'm lollygagging when I'm clearly dilly-dallying ", "5/4 of people admit that they\u2019re bad with fractions. ", "What's pink and fluffy? Pink fluff. What's blue and fluffy? Pink fluff holding its breath.", "My yoga teacher helped me get to my feet. [deleted]", "How many people in denial does it take to change a light bulb? There is nothing wrong with the light bulb!", "I can't stop correcting my mother's grammar. I think I have an editist complex. .", "How hilarious would it be if farts were like yawns, contagious. ", "The best thing about escalators is if they break, they merely become stairs. ", "I once had a psychic girlfriend, she left me before we met. ", "I'm very indecisive, I can't decide weather or not that's a good thing. ", "If anyone lost a roll of hundred dollar bills, with a rubber band around it...... I found the rubber band.", "Ask a fireman to help you quit smoking ", "Whats pink and wrinkly, and hangs out your pants? Your Mum.", "What's the difference between an outlaw and an in- law? Outlaws are wanted. ", "What's long, black, and dangerous to cut? The line at KFC.", "I was told my gender studies degree would be useless, but I'm already conducting **trans**actions for a billion dollar company some like to call McDonald's. ", "I'm only a grower when I'm in a shower. ", "My wife's a sex object. Everytime I ask for sex, she objects.", "A Brazilian wax is a total rip-off. ", "Do you know why surgeons use masks? It is to be not recognised again.", "People like you are the reason we have middle fingers.", "Science can explain miracle whip. ", "It's funny how two simple words like, \"I promise\" could temporarily stall people. [deleted]", "It's been a really bad day for me. Firstly, my girlfriend got run over by a bus.Then, I lost my job at the bus company.", "Atheism is a non-prophet organization.", "Would like to share my oneliner about the tropical birds who got stuck together, but it's toucan fusing. ", "Teach her to burp and you'll laugh for a day, teach her to fart and she will be so powerful we'll have to end her True story bro", "The Corona virus took \"new year, new me\" far too seriously ", "I wonder if earth makes fun of other planets for having no life.", "I cannot afford to waste my time making money", "I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.", "When is it bad luck to have a black cat cross your path? When you're a mouse.", "- What do you get when you cross a Mexican with an Oriental?  A car thief who can't drive", "I was at a restaurant and I saw a sign that said 'No Dogs, No Waitresses'. I thought, 'That's a bit of a problem, I'll just order a pizza'. ", "If the invisible man stops by and asks for me tell him I can\u2019t see him. ", "Prepare to be underwhelmed. ", "Never get into an argument with a schizophrenic and say \"Who do you think you are?\" ", "Psychedelic drugs are great because they make you want to hug a tree, and only with psychedelic drugs will the trees hug back. ", "I can go from 'Not afraid of the past #proud' to 'What the hell was I thinking back then?!' just by looking at my Facebook Memories ", "I'm not bald, my forehead just extends to the back of my neck.", "I've started taking a nap before I go to bed. ", "I used to be attention seeking, but look at me now!", "I have a joke about pizza and a broken pencil. Unfortunately it's cheesy and pointless", "Why do ghosts enjoy riding in elevators? It raises their spirits.", "My girlfriend hates it when I condescendingly say \"Thanks, mom.\" Especially after she wipes my butt for me. ", "\"My bad\" is the same as \"I'm sorry\" unless you're at a funeral. ", "The words Jumbo Shrimp makes about as much sense as the words Elite Yelper. ", "Is it discriminatory to call old gay men low hanging fruit? ", "Where do Joy Division live? At the Love Will Terrace Apartments.", "The way to fight a woman is with your hat. Grab it and run.", "My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.", "I heard your uncle was trying to take over your pepper factory and was jalapeno business ", "Why do teenage girls hang out in odd-numbered groups? Because they can't even.", "My scientist buddy thinks that Bose-Einstein condensates are really cool, but they're pretty low on the scale to me. ", "----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Am I doing this correctly?", "I knew a foley artist who could only take one medication at a time, otherwise they produced too many sound effects. ", "Don't be lazy, Be crazy. ", "Financially I'm set for life. As long as I die next Thursday.", "Our chemist was robbed of its stock of Viaga yesterday. Police are on the lookout for a gang of hardened criminals.", "Procrastination would be my middle name if I stopped putting off legally changing my name ", "Two winged insects ended up inside a human, and they got on like two bees in a bod. ", "What did the Mexican say when he was upset? I don't want to taco bout it because it's nacho business. ", "LOOK LEFT ----------------------------&gt; fail.", "If at first you dont succeed, then seed sucking is not for you. ", "Single, because why let someone else ruin your life when you're perfectly capable of doing it on your own. [deleted]", "When you\u2019ve seen one shopping center you\u2019ve seen a mall. ", "My brother was jailed for his beliefs. He believed you could wank on the bus.", "I was offered a job at the broken mirror repository, but I couldn't really see myself working there. ", "What's the difference between a musician and a large cheese pizza? A large cheese pizza can feed a family of four.", "I rang the council today to ask if I could have a skip outside my house? The bloke said \"You can cartwheel around the block for all I care\".", "You'd be paranoid too if everybody hated you.", "The difference between first shift and third shift is night and day. ", "Male-on-male rape is an anus crime. ", "Tried to catch fog yesterday. Mist", "Why did President Kennedy never get drunk? He wasn't very good at taking shots.", "Most people have a 'coccyx', but I have a 'cock-seven' ", "Need an ark to save two of every animal? I noah guy.", "I hate it when I get caught when I writing on the waggavanymxlsnbsjskynxoslndndmfocmfn... ", "I just bought some of that coconut shampoo. I don't know why, I've not got a coconut.", "Whenever someone asks what state I live in, I say: \"Confusion\" ", "My doctor asked if I drink to sleep; sure, I'll drink to anything. ", "Life is like a Lambourghini. It goes too fast and it costs too much.", "Have the band The Vaccines ever supported The Cure? ", "I went back this girls place and she had a 10-foot lightswitch. It was a massive turnoff!", "The common misconception that polar bears live in Antarctica is crazy, that place is unbearable.", "What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt Senior have in common? Their last hit was the wall.", "I'm slowly becoming a Tai Chi master ", "Crazy ex-girlfriends are like a box of chocolate. They both kill your dog", "Last night i tried wife swapping for the first time, it's brilliant! I managed to get a new lawnmower for mine.", "I took the shell of my racing snail to make it go fast, but it didn\u2019t work because if anything \u2014 it made it more sluggish. ", "I need medical marijuana to get over my crippling fear of bongs. ", "Santa came down with the flue. ", "Stress is when you wake up screaming & you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet.", "I worked at a Starbucks last winter, so some people might say I'm a veteran of the \"War on Christmas.\" ", "I was using the bathroom at my job and near the door was a sign that said, 'EMPLOYEES MUST WASH HANDS BEFORE RETURNING TO WORK', so I left ", "What's the difference between a snowman and a snow woman?Snowballs.", "Dieting is making me into a loser. ", "If you are a man in a hurry to become a woman, chop chop! ", "The NI word is not important enough to be the N word ", "At the mall my parents said I could pick anything, so I picked my nose. ", "The Mrs got in the shower with me this morning. She said \"Mmm baby I want you to do bad things to me\". So I put shampoo in her eyes.", "My wife asked me to hand her some lip gloss earlier, but I mistakenly gave her super glue; she hasn't spoken to me since. ", "I can\u2019t believe some countries have started their celebrations already. Don\u2019t they know New Years doesn\u2019t begin till midnight? ", "My girlfriend said my brother is ugly, I typically wouldn't mind, but we are identical twins.", "Do you really think this rhetorical question is some kind of joke? ", "If you enjoy slapstick comedy, check out boxing with twigs. ", "What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no eye deer. ", "I was going to do a joke about construction.. but I'm still working on it.", "We hired Stiffy the Clown for my Grandma because he puts the 'fun' back in Funeral... ", "My mute friend got a parrot...now the bird speaks sign language [deleted]", "I put deodorant on only one armpit. I don't smell half bad.", "I used to be Jesus, but then somebody scared the bejesus out of me. ", "Had a fight last night with the wife, she threw a lettuce at me! That's just the tip of the iceberg.", "What do an alcoholic and a necrophile have in common? They both like to crack open a cold one.", "Any bug can hit a windscreen. But it takes some guts to stick. ", "My grandfather puts horse manure on his rhubarb..I prefer it with custard.", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Adder. Adder who? Adder big breakfast this morning.", "The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.", "My mum says you are what you eat. That's funny, cause I haven't eaten any sexy beasts recently.", "What do kleptomaniacs take when they are sick? ", "Ayy E, I owe you one. Why? Bc. ;) ", "What's the best way to talk to your mother-in-law? Through a medium.", "Those new house cleaning robots are sweeping the nation. ", "Egghead.... That's what Mrs Dumpty gives to Humpty. ", "Roadkill occurs in rundown areas. ", "I am launching a new anti-social network called Get Out Of My Face Book.", "I've got 22 notches on my bedpost. It's not easy trying to stab somebody in the dark.", "Women say no means know, but from what I've learned, maybe also means no. [deleted]", "lMy parents almost lost me as a child, but they didn't take me far enough into the woods.", "When the branding iron was invented cattle were very impressed. ", "I started carrying a knife after an attempted mugging a few years ago. Since then, my mugging attempts have been a lot more successful.", "I got kicked out of my local music shop after asking about a Coldplay song. I was clearly looking for Trouble.", "What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his butt.", "I know a joke about Oedipus and Midas, that's motherfucking gold. ", "Phones are getting thinner and smarter. People, not so much. ", "So what happens if Big bird gets bankrupt and has a foreclosure? I mean.. He already lives on the street..", "I used to be a narcissist, but now look at me. ", "Mike Tyson was arrested for beating up a pizza waitress. As he was finish eating, she asked \"You wanna box for the rest of your pizza?\"", "How do you get a fat woman in bed? Piece of cake", "Did you hear about the murder mystery porno? In the end, everyone did it.", "About my first experience with Helium, I speak very highly. ", "You need thick skin to be a banana. [deleted]", "If you got your mouth stuck in a mouse trap, you\u2019d start calling it \u201cmouth trap\u201d. ", "Hermaphrodites can go fuck themselves. ", "The rotation of Earth always makes my day.", "TIL that a jet-ski is in fact, not a Polish Jet. ", "When I go, I want to die in my sleep like my father; not screaming in terror like his passengers. - Paraphrasing Will Rogers", "Remember: Time flies like the wind, but fruit flies prefer bananas. ", "I saw a clown doing sit-ups. Funny how things work out.", "I try to lose weight but it keeps finding me. ", "Hi Ghostbusters I have Jesus in my heart ", "I'm not passive-aggressive... unlike a certain someone. ", "I'm fed up with my boss for forcing me to stand on one leg every single day. Tomorrow I'm putting my foot down.", "When a maple syrup producer sees a maple tree they don't own, do they think \"I'd tap that\"?", "Roses are red, Cocaine is white. Guess who's staying up all night,? ", "A house is just a place to keep your stuff while you go out and get more stuff. [deleted]", "Want a girl to fall in love with you? Use a thesaurus for a replacement of those lane words like cute and beautiful . It's working for me!", "Conjunctivitis.com... that's a site for sore eyes ", "A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.", "My local theatre is showing a play called 'The Dictionary'. It's a play on words.", "What do you call a cow jumping over a barbed wire fence? An udder disaster. ", "I got a part time job reciting popular celebrity phrases but got fired for my terrible Arnold Schwarzenegger impersonations, don\u2019t worry I\u2019ll return. ", "I wonder how things worked out for that guy who grabbed the bull by the horns. ", "What do you call a man who can't stop stealing? Nick.", "That Bruce Wayne guy is bat shit crazy. ", "Some mistakes are just too much to do only once.", "The digital clock said to the grandfather clock, \"Look Grandpa, no hands!\" ", "I'm going to get a bumper sticker that says \"If you can read this, I can slam on my breaks and sue you\"", "If you want your children to listen, try talking softly - to someone else.", "I can\u2019t stop thinking I might have hypochondria. [deleted]", "No matter how much you push the envelope, it will always remain stationary.", "I told my shrink I get the feeling my son doesn\u2019t want me around. He said \u201csmart kid!\u201d ", "You could stand to lose 5 pounds......but running is more effective. ", "If you have sex with someone before dating them are you a sexual pre dater? [deleted]", "Whenever I go to the park and someone asks me which child is mine, I like to tell them I'm still deciding. ", "When someone is bothering you, remember, it takes 42 muscles to frown..but only 5 muscles to pull a trigger.", "The History Channel +1. Where History repeats itself.", "Why do mermaids wear seashells? They're too big for B-shells and too small for D-shells.", "Why does Michael J Fox make the best milkshakes? Because he uses the highest quality ingredients.", "I just read a book about Helium. It was so good that I can't put it down. ", "Some people say I\u2019m too agreeable and I think they\u2019re right. ", "Sleep + social life = bad grades. Good grades + sleep = no social life. Good grades + social life = no sleep.", "Valentines Day is just to celebrate V getting some D ", "I bloody hate flash mobs.One once kicked my door down and forced me to update my Adobe.", "I've just stolen loads of swimming inflatables. I'd better lilo.", "Yo Mama is so fat, I told the bitch to haul ass and it took her two trips.", "Nickelback walks into a bar...there is no punch line cause ruining music isn't funny.", "Pendulums are sexually experimental, as they go both ways. [deleted]", "If winning isn't everything, why do we keep score?", "Receding hairlines give men long faces. ", "America is probably the only country in the world where people need energy drinks to sit in front of a computer all day. ", "What does cheese say when having its picture taken? ", "The shoe devil has come to take our soles ", "What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.", "Sometimes, I put my hands on the floor, tuck my head toward my chest and then lean forward... 'Cause that's how I roll.", "An honest politician is one who, when bought, stays bought.", "I'm sweet like a box of chocolates, so eat me! ", "My grandmother would be rolling in her ditch if she knew how much money I spent on her funeral. ", "Quasimodo goes to the pub and says \"Scotch whiskey please\". Barman says \"Bell's alright?\" Quasi says \"Mind your own business\".", "In a landmark move, New York City has announced they will be pushing the Statue of Liberty 30 meters north ", "Time doesn't exist. . .CLOCKS exist! Treat each day as your last. . .one day you will be right!", "I'm a massive overachiever; overdraft, overfed, overtired... ", "Why did Albert Einstein marry his cousin? Because she was his relative", "Parties are like frisbees, if you throw them the wrong way they'll veer off in a bad direction, and then your kid will fall into a quarry. Source: 30 Rock", "Don't you just hate it when you go scuba diving, you're at 10 metres and you realise your dive master is a satanic devil worshipping racist. ", "When I go big-game hunting, my weapon of choice is the remote.", "I told my Mum I'd made a car out of spaghetti, but she didn't believe me! Should of seen her face when I drove pasta.", "With great reflexes comes great response ability. ", "If I were a cat that stumbled across a genie that granted me one wish, I\u2019d wish for a second head so I could get pet twice as much. ", "A seal has a ball at the circus. ", "Why did the tomato blush?Because it saw the salad dressing!", "I'm on a diet where I eat everything and hope for a miracle.", "Be compassionate towards what you can't feel love about. ", "I walked down a street where the houses were numbered 64K, 128K, 256K, 512K and 1MB. That was a trip down memory lane. ", "A mummy covered in chocolate and nuts has been discovered in Egypt. Archaeologists believe it may be Pharaoh Roche.", "I have an old Commodore locked away in the attic. That'll teach the him to dance on my ceiling!", "I found the key to success. Now, I just need to find the lock.", "I saw this quote and I thought it was funny, \"always remember me.\"-anonymous", "Talk with someone about skin tags today. [deleted]", "When your girlfriend comes home in a white suit, smelling of honey and covered in bee stings, you know she's a keeper. ", "Dud you know taller people slept longer ? ", "Make the little things count. Teach midgets maths.", "I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.", "You wouldn't know how to pour piss out of a boot if the instructions we're on the heel. ", "Maybe I'm just ignorant. I don't know.", "Instead of cosmetics, I'm giving my wife PhotoShop.", "Do you think when midgets take drugs they get medium instead of high?", "What's red and invisible? No tomatoes.", "*walks upto a girl with literally no butt* hey did someone appreciate that ass, it just seems flattered. ", "Life gets easier when youre part of the problem.", "When I die, I\u2019d like the word \"Humble\" to be written on my statue. ", "What do you suppose gives Stephen King nightmares?", "Three rights walked into a bar They left", "when you try to tell someone a joke but you punch up the fuckline. ", "y= mx + c ", "How do you find a blind man on a nude beach? It is not hard.", "Racist jokes are like black people. They're not good. [removed]", "I only have a drinking problem sunday morning when its illegal to buy alcohol ", "\u201cTime flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana.\u201d -Many people before me [deleted]", "Why was the baseball team hot? It didn't have any fans ", "An ice cream seller was today found on the floor of his van covered in hundreds and thousands. Police said he topped himself.", "The only things I take seriously in this world are jokes. ", "You could live a better life if you had a better mind and a better body. ", "I can cut a piece of wood in half just by looking at it. It's true, I saw it with my own eyes.", "I've got some exciting things lined up on my YouTube fitness account; I'm doing a neck reveal soon. [deleted]", "How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her like an alter boy.", "It takes deadication to be a Zombie. ", "What do cows do for entertainment?\nThey rent \"moovies\".", "A funeral was held today for the inventor of air conditioning. Thousands of fans attended.", "I recently quit my job as a butler at a stately home. I didn't like being ordered around in that manor.", "Most of old age isn't a death sentence, just the very end. I'll be honest.  I stole this from The New Yorker; Jack Handy.", "What's the hottest part of the sun? Page 3", "The Truth: S(he) be(lie)ve(d).", "I was so cold today that my jaw started to freeze..So I gritted my teeth.", "You can't have your revenge and heat it too, as it's a dish best served cold. ", "A woman can never ask her brother for help, because there is no way he can be a brother and assist her too. ", "Immortal? I wouldn't be caught dead being immortal. ", "I heard a swimmer shout \"Help shark help!!\" I just laughed. I knew the shark wasn't going to help him!", "I miss the nostalgic days. ", "Two lesbians barged into the house and started wrestling with my wife while she was in the bath. I tried to help but I could only knock one out.", "The girl I like said she\u2019d go out with me if I knew a six letter word that\u2019s a synonym for \u201ccalm\u201d, so I answered, \u201cIt\u2019s sedate.\u201d ", "I'll bet you $50 that I'm not addicted to gambling. ", "I'll never feel comfortable eating sloth meat, unless it's been made in a slow cooker. ", "You know you're getting old when you're watching a porn movie and think, \"Damn, that bed looks comfortable.\" ", "My milk expired, so I renewed it. [deleted]", "I like my girls like how I like my gravy Rich and thin", "My cousin is a midget, he's relatively short.", "Did you hear about the Native American who drank 1000 glasses of tea? He drowned in his tea pee.", "Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. So when you criticize them, you're a mile way and you have their shoes.", "Message my wife during business trip: \"Had a really amazing night, I wish you were her!\" \"Here, I meant HERE!\" ", "Do gay people say, \"That's so straight?\"", "The key to telling a good one-liner is understanding that the longer you hold back the curve ball part of the punchline, the more intense the erections. ", "I didnt lose, I just ran out of time to win.", "Where does the vampire store his money? The blood bank ", "What has five teeth and an I.Q. of three? The front row of a Willie Nelson concert.", "I smell good. [deleted]", "What is long, hard, round and full of seamen? A submarine.", "Depending on what a cow believed you might be eating a jew or a muslim ", "Never take rocks for granite. ", "When I was a kid, Snap-chat was just morse code with my underwear band. ", "Someone just threw a bottle of Omega 3 pills at me, but don\u2019t worry, I only suffered super fish oil injuries. ", "George Michael has been found with a chocolate bar up his arse. Apparently it was a careless wispa.", "_______________________ ", "I didn't used to like my beard, but it's growing on me. ", "A skeleton goes into a bar and orders a pint of beer and a mop..", "What do you do if your kids start smoking? Take them out of the oven.", "Prince Charles is an eerie guy. ", "You gotta hand it to blind hookers ", "Had some sad news, my Dutch ex girlfriend died last week, she liked to wear inflatable shoes. Apparently she popped her clogs.", "The new horror movie must be amazing, 'cause every time I pull out into the road someone is yelling, \"Watch It!\" ", "I thought becoming a comedian like my estranged dad would get us closer, but he didn\u2019t want to see one of his mistakes making one of his mistakes. ", "Are dachshund born that way or do they start normal and get weiner. ", "My chicken coop has two doors, because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan. ", "Rehab is for quitters.", "Do homeless people understand knock knock jokes?", "I was gonna go hiking in the hills with my mate Max, but he refused to go. He's a real anti-climb Max.", "camping is for all in tents and purposes outside ", "I met my wife at speed dating. She was livid.", "I applied for a job at Microsoft, but I don't think I got it, because they never responded to my telegram. ", "I am a titanic survivor cuz the titanic didnt kill me cuz I was never near it ", "One-liners are like dicks: Some are short, some are long, but everybody groans when Grandpa whips his out ", "Why was 6 scared of 7? Because 7,8,9", "I was wondering why a frisbee looked bigger as it came closer, then it hit me.", "Those who forget their pasta are bound to reheat it. ", "Washing dishes can be very draining. ", "Working at a prison for violent poets is full of prose and cons. ", "There's a lot of unrest in the insomniac community. ", "I remember 2012 like it was yesterday..", "I frogot what you toad me, probably because I'm a tadpolish. ", "I auditioned for Aquaman, but they turned me down on account of my broken flipper. ", "I just saw a sign in a shop'Mosquito nets \u00a310'. It turns out he won it on a scratchcard.", "The best housewarming gift is fire.", "I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She replied \"Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!\" I said \"Wow!\" Then her friend said \"She means 6663629\".", "To my wife in bed - \"Give me a Chilean Miner!\" Her - \"What's that?\" Me- \"Go down to the bottom of my shaft and stay there 'til Christmas!\"", "I was in the Middle East, and I stole a prosthetic arm, so they cut off my hand. [deleted]", "I poured spot-remover on my dog and now he's gone.", "- What do you get when you cross a Polack and a Mongoloid with one leg? A Polaroid 1 Step", "Spare a thought for the other birds that lived inside clocks before the cuckoos started laying their eggs in there. ", "I have a hard time believing Harvey Fierstein assaulted all those women. ", "This bicycle shop owner I know is the worst - always trying to peddle his goods to me. ", "What's every movie critic's favorite cooking ingredient? Michael Bay Leaves. ", "A boat builder is showing his son one of his forests. He turns to him and says, \"Son, one day all this will be oars\"", "What's the difference between virgin olive oil and regular olive oil? Popeye's penis.", "Knock knock  Who's there?  Britney Spears  Britney Spears who?  Knock knock  ... Who's there?  Oops I did it again.", "As its Valentines Day, the missus has said she'll go on top tonight for a change. I love our bunk beds!", "69% of people find something dirty in every sentence. ", "People with obvious questions should all go FAQ themselves ", "This morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas, I don't know This also comes from a renowned public figure", "The Doctor who delivered Sam Walton was the first Walmart greeter. ", "Just had to sue my orthodontist. Luckily, I keep my lawyer on retainer. ", "Any chair can be a recliner if you push back hard enough. ", "Since we got an indoor trampoline injuries have been through the roof ", "Someone just stole my sunglasses right in front of my very eyes. ", "What did one thirsty sunflower say to the other thirsty sunflower? \"Where da hose at?\" ", "After 1,26 billion of years one isotope of potassium said to another: We are gone ", "Whats worse than a doctor saying you have genital warts? A dentist telling you. ", "I\u2019m so unfamiliar with my gym that I have started calling it Mr. James. ", "What do you call cows that have a sense of humor? Laughing stock.", "What kind of Tea do satanists prefer? Herbaal.", "I can give you one vegetable joke about onions. But that's shallot.", "My imaginary girlfriend just put me in the friendzone.", "I heard the captain of the yacht was a sales manager. ", "If you've never seen \"Back to the Future\", it's about time. ", "The other day, I was trying to make a noise with two of my fingers and my thumb, and no matter how much I practiced, nothing seemed to work...then it clicked. ", "2020, All the more reason to have a Doraemon! ", "I've just seen a very confusing book called, \"Ventriloquism for Dummies.\" ", "When life gives you melons, you may be dyslexic. ", "Going to see Peter Pan again tonight. Never gets old.", "It's good for a man to have a woman that cleans, cooks, and makes you laugh. It's also good If these women do not know each other.", "Math may not teach us how to add love or how to minus hate. But it gives us every reason to hope that \"every problem has a solution\".", "What do you it when there\u2019s terrible allergies all over the country? Pollin-nation. ", "Just designed a website for orphans. There is no Home page.", "Does the Little Mermaid wear an algebra?", "Someone said I had a strong confirmation bias, but I like to think they are wrong. Just thought of this one while watching a moon landing conspiracy video. ", "Cashiers are always checking me out.", "There's no way I can take Donald Trump seriously, I think he's just Putin us on. ", "The hardest thing about a business is minding your own. ", "I got arrested for indecent exposure but I wasn't convicted because the evidence didn't stand up in court. ", "In Jamaica, every day is Mon day. ", "My friend keeps telling me to stop impersonating butter. I can't, I'm on a roll now. ", "Biggie Smalls was an oxymoron. [deleted]", "Triangles are A-holes. ", "I once encountered a bear in the woods and accidentally played Dad instead of dead. Now it can ride a bike without stabilisers.", "My car battery's flat but I reckon I could get too start at a push ", "Mrs has run off with the milkman. Seeing them drive away on his milk float was the worst two hours of my life.", "Why can't T-Rexes clap their hands? Cos they're extinct.", "I deleted my facebook because I don't care that 758 of my friends have colds.", "I saw this man and woman wrapped in a barcode. I said: Are you two an item?", "If you don't like the noises I make during sex, go find yourself another livestock auction! ", "An alcoholic and a peripatetic walk into a bar ", "My ex girlfriend had one of those split tongues; someone else got the other half. [deleted]", "What do you call a man with a car number plate on his head? Reg.", "A policeman knocked on the door and said, \"It looks like your wife has been in an accident...\" I said \"Yes but she has a great personality!\"", "I'm an animal! And not a fun animal like a penguin, no... I'm like a self aware slug. ", "I used to date a dyslexic girl. I took her home and she ended up cooking my sock.", "I bought my wife some of that \"volume control\" shampoo.\n\nDoesn't work, I can still hear her.", "Leicester are offering Man city fans a great offer on walkers crisps. It's buy one, get 1-3.", "Vagina - the box a penis comes in. ", "Two cannibals eating a clown. One turns to the other and says \"This taste funny to you?\"", "I'm happy. Don't ruin it by talking to me.", "My dog is a son of a bitch. ", "My sexual desires have been getting out of control, but it wasn\u2019t until I spanked a statue, that I knew I\u2019d hit rock bottom. ", "The probability of someone watching you is directly related to the stupidity of your actions.", "There are no limits to human creativity. - The guy who invented the spork. ", "My teacher said I\u2019d do much better at school if I stopped flirting\u2026 I immediately got off his lap ", "It makes sense why women hate premature ejaculation so much. Our whole lives we're taught that nothing worth having comes easy.", "When I was young, I walked by a church and the priest told me I looked cute; I was touched. ", "Kid wanted to open a can with his toy sword but it was only hokey pokey ", "Me and my mates are in a band called Duvet. We're a cover band.", "People keep encouraging me to be myself, but that's just not me. ", "By the time you finally understand grown-ups, you are one. Dennis the Menace", "I think civil unions are gay. ", "Ron Jeremy's first pet was named Jeremy, and he grew up on Ron Street. ", "A bachelor\u2019s life is no life for a single man. ", "I keep swiping right, but none of my dates work out, maybe I should lose the broom. [deleted]", "The winner of the annual office Minesweeper competition has been fired after accepting the prize ", "Chris Brown on seeing a hot chick: \"I'd hit that\" ", "I just gave my cat some 7UP. Now he's got 16 lives.", "My girlfriend tells me that I'm indecisive, but I'm not so sure about that. ", "People are waiting for a solution to air pollution with bated breath. ", "How the snow plough driver get to work? ", "Shoutout to the people who don't know what the opposite of in is ", "A Clown Held The Door Foor Me Today. I Thought It Was A Nice Jester ", "I thought no one would attend my seminar on semen retention. But they all came. ", "If a urologist is told to stop taking the piss, does he have to find a new career? ", "Did you know that squirrels die after they have sex? ...... Well... The one I fucked did anyways.... ", "If You feel down then Log into Reddit watch some Videos ", "Horse girls are crazy but it\u2019s okay because they date stable boys. ", "i love this subreddit ", "My ex said I was selfish, like I was drinking all that pineapple juice for me. ", "What word becomes shorter when you add letters to it? Short.", "Martin Luther King Day: A day for all us white people to be embarrassed by our ancestors.", "The world's fattest bird tournament uses round robin scheduling ", "You'd better keep your mouth shut when the shit hits the fan. ", "Operations are great opportunities for introspection. ", "I've no idea why my new plug in air fresherner won't work. I plug it in and switch it on. Nothing! It just doesn't make scents.", "Facebook Movie showtimes: 4:00 6:00 8:00 10:00.  Twitter Showtimes: 4:00 4:02 4:06 4:08", "I'm trying to find another word for jailbreak but it escapes me. ", "I have an on again off again relationship with clothing.", "Everytime I check myself in my dealers mirror I cross a line ", "How many straight San Franciscans does it take to screw in a light bulb? Both of them.", "I threw a boomerang five years ago, it never came back and now I live in constant fear. ", "A joke doesn't become a Dad joke until it's fully groan. ", "I told my doctor that I broke my arm in two places. He told me to stop going to those places.", "I had a dog with no legs. I named him cigarette so I could take him for a drag.", "There is hardly a thing in the world that some man can not make a little worse and sell a little cheaper. ", "The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese ", "Patrick should be the star of SpongeBob Squarepants. ", "Guns don\u2019t kill people....husbands who come home early, kill people! ", "When I was told that I would have to move my entire Lego collection, I started shifting bricks. ", "Ever since I spent my money on a set of pans, I've been potless. ", "What is a common illness for Judge's to have? Motion sickness.", "I failed the baker when they kneaded me most. ", "Did you hear that Johnny's left side was chopped off? It turned out that he was \"alright!\"", "The pyramids were built, not by slaves, but in cities where it was illegal to walk downhill ", "Iasanamericanhavediscoveredanewwaytobelazyandthatisusingnospacebar.", "\"None of those women have what I'm really looking for\".\"Oh yeah? What's that?\".\"Low Standards\".", "I just came to the realization that I have a fetish for figuring things out. ", "What is the difference between a rooster and a lawyer? The rooster clucks defiance.", "Did you hear about the guy who won the anal sex competition? He actually came in the #2 spot.", "Just finished the back 9 of my hallway with a score of -4 to +13 with foot+tennis ball+coffee cup=Golf with my daughter. ", "I had terrible internet connection on my farm, till I moved the modem to the barn and now I have stable WiFi. ", "I was embarrassed that my mum got me a castle shaped calculator, but it's the fort that counts ", "It's not that the clown did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it. ", "\"Plastering for Beginners\" By Phil Mcraken", "Fat is just another word for flavor.", "So what is the scoop on this Blue Bell recall? ", "Did you hear about the two gay ghosts? They put the willies up each other.", "Yo mama\u2019s so fat, the Hogwarts sorting hat placed her in Waffle House. ", "Yes I'm Jewish, but only on my mother's side. Stolen from Woody Allen I think.", "A sod farmer walks into a bar and the bartender asks \"why the lawn face?\" ", "Weather outside is BEAUTIFUL today. I think I'll go for a run. I won't do it, but I'll think about it.", "I'm not old, I'm a classic.", "Procrastination is a dish best served eventually. ", "Chuck Norris doesn't bowl strikes, he just knocks down one pin and the other nine faint Chuck Norris doesn't bowl strikes, he just knocks down one pin and the other nine faint", "What does a necrophiliac get at a funeral? Mourning wood", "Why'd The blonde get fired from The M&M factory? She threw away all The W's", "My wife said I needed to get more in touch with my feminine side, so I crashed the car, burnt dinner and completely ignored her all night for no reason. ", "Life's a bug. Death's the bug-checker. ", "\"My career is in ruins!\" said the archaeologist.", "How to workout your 'arsehole' name. Replace your first name with the word 'Piers' and your surname with the word 'Morgan'.", "Who said nothing is impossible, i have been here doing nothing for the last hour.", "Say what you want about masturbators, but they really do come in handy ", "My first experience of culture shock was when I peed on an electric fence ", "I tried to sue the airport for losing my luggage, but I lost the case. Heard that in a bar... just now.", "I bought a wooden whistle, but it wooden whistle. ", "\"I see,\" said the blind man. A favorite of my late grandpa", "My friend was late to our cannibal dinner party, so I gave him the cold shoulder ", "My great granddad perished on the sinking of the Titanic..he had a heart attack in The movies last week.", "Money can't buy happiness, but for $10 million I wouldn't mind being unhappy. ", "If you don't cook with virgin olive oil then your oil has touched a genital ", "R2D2 is the most profane character written, everything is says is bleeped. [deleted]", "Bought my gay friend a GPS just so it would tell him to go straight.", "Dentists are going on strike: brace yourselves.", "My 'Aha!' moments are other people's 'duh' moments.", "The only thing less funny than self deprecating humor is me. ", "Coronavirus originally passed from bat to man and now it's passed to Batman. ", "When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down. ", "If you believe in telekinesis, raise my hand ", "Why did the alien leave the party? Because the atmosphere wasn't right.", "Just saw two homeless men hitting each other with cardboard. Pillow fight.", "Do you think last night was the world record for intercourse?", "Don't kiss your honey when your nose is runny, you might think it's funny, but it snot. ", "I covered my friend's house in different animal faeces and asked him to pick his favourite and he went ape shit ", "Met a girl in a bar last night. She said: \"Hi I'm Yvette\". I said \"Hi I'm an Accountant\".", "My grandfather had a stroke this week. He saw a picture of my grandmother when she was younger and couldn't help himself.", "Aspiring pianists often pick up piano without any consideration for how heavy they are ", "Sean Connery found his niche. She was in the garden playing with his nephew.", "I thought it was a booger But it snot.", "I was doing crazy things before I became deranged. ", "If you love her let her go, if she comes back she has Stockholm syndrome. [deleted]", "Dat female deer doe [deleted]", "\"I see,\" said the blind carpenter as he picked up his hammer and saw. ", "When people ask whats up, they really should be asking whats happening on ground level. [deleted]", "- What do soy beans and dildos have in common?Both are meat subsitutes", "Time flies like an arrow, but fruit flys like a banana ", "What did one tampon say to the other tampon? Nothing. They're both stuck up cunts.", "Walking the dog in the cemetery and I saw a man crouching behind a headstone. I shouted 'morning!'He replied 'no mate, just taking a shit'", "I got fired from my job at Pepsi..I tested positive for Coke.", "If you stretched an average person's intestine from end to end it would make him scream a lot. ", "\"President Bush is going to visit the Vatican. He says he's looking forward to meeting the Pope and Mrs. Pope.\"", "I wanted to watch Fast &amp; the Furious but the spoilers ruined it. ", "Went to an Indian restaurant last night and had a pelican curry. Food was ok, but the bill was enormous!", "Talk about a bad day; First my ex got run over by a Bus and then I got fired from my job as a Bus driver! ", "On Mars, there's roughly one vending machine for every person living there ", "I'm so good at masturbation I can do it with other peoples hands ", "A mysterious hole has been found in the local nudist camp wall. The police are looking into it.", "How many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb? One, but that lightbulb has to want to change.", "Don\u2019t worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia.\\", "I used to be indecisive, but now I\u2019m not sure. ", "Cups are a collector's item for homeless people. ", "My new website about premature ejaculation isn't ready yet but it's coming soon. ", "I ordered a red bull but I got no wings. ", "I am desperately trying to figure out why Kamikaze pilots wore helmets.", "Some women say the way to a man's heart is through his stomach, but I say, those women are aiming just a little too high. ", "Concentration beats the constipation ", "I've been reading a book about the history of glue. I can't put it down!", "A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks, \"Why the long face?\" The horse does not respond because it is a horse.", "Vegan jizz.... I think you mean Cummus. ", "Please reply if you don't get this message.", "I am busy doing nothing.", "These days, everyone is under the weather... apart from astronauts who are above it all ", "Hard work pays off in the future, laziness pays off now. ", "the best kind of bastard was grown in a lab ", "Never take life to seriously... your not getting out of it alive", "Did you know Karl Marx's sister Onya invented the starting pistol. ", "They are the nosiest type of pepper. They are always jalape\u00f1o in your business", "Some people say I look like Gary Barlow, I'll take that. ", "I've been invited round a neighbours for a pre Christmas drink with nibbles. They treat that fucking cat like royalty.", "What did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire? My pad or yours.", "are mermaids tripods? ", "If you get a new job before you quit your old one, it's considered responsible, but if you do that with your girlfriend, it's called \"cheating.\" ", "Did you hear about the Italian chef that died? He pasta way. We cannoli do so much. His legacy will be a pizza history.", "Fuck sex ", "I named my hard drive \"dat ass\" so that once a month, my computer asks me if I want to, \"back dat ass up.\"", "When will we come to our census and figure out how many people are in the country? ", "The best way to help an astronaut to sleep is to rocket. ", "A guru hops around often, he's known as the Kan Guru.", "I keep all the corpses of my parents' dead sisters around, and they keep me from getting sick... auntie bodies, y'know. ", "The German work ethic is much like their love for Punjabi women, they do every Singh they can. A more PC version of the oneliner I posted the other day..", "I won't lose any sleep over my new mattress. ", "Went into a record shop and asked if they had anything by The Doors. He said \"yes, a plant and a fire blanket.\"", "Q: how many ADD kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb?\nA: wanna go ride a bikes???", "A rocket always backfires for the launch! ", "I bought a popular calendar, it has lots of dates. ", "A haiku is seventeen syllables long, I don't know why that is. ", "The female praying mantis devours her male within minutes of mating, whereas the female human stretches it out over a lifetime. ", "Saw a Frog waiting for the Bus after his Car got toad. ", "There\u2019s no I in denial ", "Even Cardio is better than Cardi B ", "When I got dressed this morning, armies came out of my sleevies. ", "Do female dogs look at each other and be like,\u201dShe is such a woman\u201d? ", "A book fell on my head... I can't blame myshelf.", "My grandfather had alzheimers and one day we were ", "Every bank is a food bank, if you're a cannibal. ", "I just got the morning post and one envelope read 'Photographs Do Not Bend'. Liars! I folded it in half really easily!", "I don\u2019t like cocaine, I just like the smell of it. ", "Why is gambling not allowed in Africa? There's too many Cheetahs. Bah doom, Tiss!", "I'm against gay marriage cuz I'm against all marriage ", "Without geography, you're nowhere.", "I asked my surgeon if I could give it a try, so she said, \"Suture self.\" ", "It's okay to marry your second cousin, as long as you're legally divorced from the first one. ", "What's the difference between a Canadian Hockey player and an Iraqi woman? The Hockey player takes a shower after three periods.", "How's an online college degree like a small pizza? Neither feeds a family of four.", "I was going to do a joke about a germ, But I wouldn't want to spread it around.", "Came home to find all my doors had been smashed in and everything was gone. What sort of sick person does that to someone's advent calendar?", "It takes balls to shave them. ", "A man walks into a bra [removed]", "I'm very empathic to sociopaths ", "I was recently on safari in the Serengeti and witnessed two male male lions shagging. I thought \"blimey, have they got no pride?\"", "If you read my autobiography from back to front it's about a guy that hasn't sold a single copy of his book. ", "I went to the Doctors the other day, and he said, 'Go to Bournemouth, it's great for flu'. So I went  -  and I got it.", "She told me to punch her directly in the vagina, not beat around the bush. ", "Why don't robot chickens play basketball? Too many technical fowls ", "Whose cruel idea was it for the word 'lisp' to have an s in it?", "I act nice cuz I'm an actor ", "You cant beat a boiled egg.", "A nose walks into a bar. The barman says \"Sorry sir but I can't serve you....You're clearly off your face\"", "Absence made the part grow longer. [deleted]", "Constipation isn\u2019t everything it\u2019s built up to be. ", "What's the difference between Santa and Tiger Woods? Santa kept it down to three hos.", "My girlfriend said she hates giving me oral sex, well, at least I think that's what she was trying to say. ", "Just got back from the dentist. He said my teeth are great, but my gums need to come out. ", "If only the inventor of terrorism had patented it they could have raised the price ", "What's the last thing that goes through a fly's mind when it his a windscreen? It's arse!", "My dad and I got into an argument over whether I was allowed to try fire breathing. I guess you could say it got pretty heated [deleted]", "She left me for a woman, so I decided to let bi-gones be bygones. ", "I used to think that my girlfriend not wearing any knickers under her skirt would be sexy, until I saw the skidmarks on my sofa.", "Need an ark? I Noah guy.", "It gets awkward when you're telling a pigeon to go away outside a shoe shop !!! ", "Math: Only place where people buy 60 watermelons and no one wonders why.", "My wife told me she wanted the body of a stripper, but she screamed when I brought her one.", "Have I written a Joke about Pavlov's Dog? It rings a bell..... ", "\"Swing States\" aren't as much fun as they sound. ", "I was made to walk the plank as a child. We couldn't afford a dog. ", "My game dog sucks at chess.", "What do you tell a woman with two black eyes? Nothing. You done told her twice.", "A guy walks into a bar and says \"ow\"", "A blue collar prostitute is a jack off all trades. ", "Decided to get into shape..I choose shape of potatoe.", "Anyone need a job? I hear Malaysia Airlines is looking for people.", "- Don't be irreplaceable, if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.", "Did you hear about the astronauts that got stuck on their honeymoon? ", "You're about as dumb as a football bat. ", "I got punched in the mouth by a crazed drug addict today and now my jaw\u2019s all methed up. ", "The most recent thing just happened ", "Went swimming. Had a wee in the deep end. Lifeguard blew his whistle so loud I nearly fell in.", "What did the woman say to the vampire when she woke up with her period? \" I made you breakfast in bed!\"", "All the money I give to my insurance guy and he has the audacity to call himself 'broker'. ", "What did the Jewish pedophile say? \"Would you like to buy some candy\"", "Nothing tops a margherita pizza ", "What do you see when you drop a piano down a mineshaft? A flat minor.", "How does a black woman know she's pregnant? When she pulls out her tampon the cotton's been picked.", "i souport publik edekashun.", "In Math, I'm partial to fractions, but really divided on the remainder. ", "With a little luck I'll be late for my funeral. ", "If you dont own territory you're always an extra terrestrial ", "What is the probability that something will happen according to the odds?", "I was told that to lose weight I should start doing hot yogurt. At least that's what I thought I heard, apparently yogurt sounds the same as yogurt. ", "I recently lost my job as a teacher. I got caught shagging the ugliest teacher in the whole school. Gross Miss Conduct", "In laughter the 'L' comes first, the rest of the letters comes aughter it. ", "I just met the girl of my dreams. I forgot about her just a few minutes after I saw her.", "Taking a Cold shower is something you have to warm up to. ", "People who cannot distinguish between etymology and entomology, bug me in ways in which I cannot put into words. ", "Over 90% of people over 60 believe that we show less respect to others than we did in the past. Silly old fuckers!", "Went for a job as a potato packer. Ended up getting the sack.", "Stevie Wonder was given a cheese grater for his birthday. He said that was the most violent book he'd ever read!", "I'm going to keep my vacuum cleaner even though it sucks every time I use it. ", "I saw an article about this poor man that became a millionaire after letting his Labrador sleep on top of him; I love a good underdog story. ", "You always get high for smoking cigarettes from a drug dealer. ", "A man went to a doctor and told him he had 3 horses up his butt. The doctor confirmed he's in a stable condition ", "Want to hear a joke about pizza? Never mind it's too cheesy.", "Two peanuts walk into a bar. One was a-SALTED.", "Bananas go to the doctor when they are not peeling well. ", "The only situation where your expectation will not turn into disappointment, is when you expect to be disappointed. ", "What can think the unthinkable? An itheberg.", "Why did the Baker have brown hands? Because he kneaded a poo.", "I\u2019m art motherfucker don\u2019t touch me. Best line I\u2019ve ever come up with at a bar.", "Scientists say the universe is made up of protons, neutrons and electrons, but they forgot to mention morons. ", "Roses are red, violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?", "Since Latin is a dead language, I expect it would be pretty useful in a zombie apocalypse. ", "I went to the men's asylum at the nudist colony and I gotta tell you, they're all nuts. ", "Why did the yogurt go to the art exhibition? Because it was cultured.", "I told my son to put down the toilet seat, so he walked over to it and said, \"You stink!\" ", "EVERY morning I get hit by the same bicycle. It's a vicious cycle ", "Never go fishing with Skrillex, he always drops the bass.", "Never hit a man with glasses, hit him with a baseball bat. ", "United States ", "A cluster fuck sounds like an orgy where everyone gets COVID. ", "If someone drowns themselves in a toilet, is it death by sewercide? ", "Why couldn't the candle get any sleep? Because there's no rest for the wicked. ", "Drinking alcohol causes memory loss and memory loss ", "Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.", "If you ever get in a knife fight with a group of clowns, go for the juggler", "The invention of the wheel started a revolution ", "You know how I feel about mood rings. ", "If you snag a ram named \"anagrams,\" that's some meta meat. ", "Crows have 7 long straight tail feathers called pinions, while ravens have 8, making the difference between a raven and a crow a matter of a pinion. ", "You've gotta hand it to relay runners, don't you? ", "Five out of four people don\u2019t understand how fractions work. [deleted]", "I can't believe nobody invited me to victim mentality club. ", "My New Year's resolution is to give up gambling and I bet you a tenner I could do it in a month. ", "Which month has 28 days in it? All of them.", "Stamp-collecting will get you nowhere. ", "saying you have the right to freedom cuz soldiers defended it is like saying you have the right to animal porn cuz Tor and Bittorrent defended it ", "A criminal's best asset is his lie ability.", "The Scranton Strangler\u2019s testimony really choked me up ", "Some people think I'm a selfish inconsiderate jerk, but that's their problem. ", "How cavemen didnt know about viruses, people today think about computer privacy and security ", "Someone stole my mood ring and I\u2019m not sure how I feel about that. ", "I phoned the Broken Tap coldline ", "What does it mean if someone gives me half a peace sign?", "I started a new job as a tarot reader, now I'm making a fortune ", "What's the difference between the lavatory and the cemetery? No difference - when you gotta go, you gotta go!", "My husband's always bugging me to try anal ", "Wife looks in mirror& says: \"I look horrible, fat& ugly. Please say something nice about me.\" Husband: \"Your eyesight is perfect...\"", "When I was a little boy my teacher said I should be an astronaut... [removed]", "Diarrhea is hereditary [deleted]", "The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.", "If some asks me when the rain will stop falling, I just tell them: \"When it hits the ground\". ", "I don't mind sacrificing my life for a principle - at least in principle. ", "Selling your soul to the Devil is one hell of a deal. ", "There will never be a book about procrastinating professionally. ", "Islam must be the true religion because the universe started with an explosion ", "If I turned invisible I'd go to Paris and beat up a street mime. The amount of applause he would get would be amazing.", "I had planned on telling you guys the do\u2019s and dont\u2019s of anal sex, but fuck it. ", "I'm having a quarantine party this weekend and none of you are invited. ", "Two midget lesbians that are in the closet is called a liquor cabinet. ", "If I write a book about failure and it doesn't sell, am I a success? ", "Tork is screwed up.", "I like to wear my glasses when I'm having sex. That way my eyes are protected from the pepper spray.", "I named my Iphone \"Titanic\". It's syncing now.", "lShould vegetarians eat animal crackers?", "While walking away from certain conversations, I secretly wish I had more than two middle fingers. [deleted]", "I just came to the realization that I developed a fetish for figuring things out ", "When my new Indian girlfriend said that I could give her a facial, I nearly came on the spot! ", "Waking up is the second hardest thing in the morning. ", "I once swallowed a dictionary and it gave me thesaurus throat I\u2019ve ever had. ", "Double negatives are a no-no ", "Parallel lines have so much in common, but it\u2019s a shame they\u2019ll never meet. ", "My Mrs just asked me, \"When we go to Egypt, can we go on a camel?\" I said \"Fuck off, it would take fucking ages to get there on a camel.\"", "I got a birthday card and when I opened it a Yorkshire pudding fell out. It was from Aunt Bessie!", "What do ninjas drink? WATAH!", "Going out to buy some batteries was a real power trip. ", "Neutrinos have bad breadth.", "Hi, this is Hawaii. ", "I\u2019m proud of my humility.", "My wife said I only ever want sex with her when I'm drunk. That's not true. I usually want a kebab aswell.", "Don't you hate it when a sentence doesn't end the way you think it octopus. ", "Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world's population.", "Did you know Miller vs Brown established precedent that it's legal to lie about Supreme Court cases? ", "Pizza is like sex, when it is good it's VERY GOOD, when it's bad...it's still pretty good.", "outside of work most people live by it doesnt matter what you say as long as you enjoy moving your mouth ", "I love all the flowers, like; annuals, perennials.. millennials ", "Ugh, stewardess wants us to turn off our portable electronics. Knew I should've brought my full desktop PC for this flight.", "Pirates are so good at poker, they can play it with no hand. [deleted]", "I read that two pedestrians died in a collision, but I mean, seriously, how fast were they walking?! ", "I am a man of few words. ", "Saw a dude wearing a turban at the skate park. His tricks were pretty Sikh. ", "If Crime doesn't pay...Does that mean my job is a crime? ", "A man goes into a library and asks for a book on suicide. The librarian says, \"Fuck off, you won't bring it back.\"", "How to make Easter easier - replace the t with an i.", "If number 666 is evil, then 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil. ", "Design [removed]", "\"Old McDonald had a farm!\" sang the cheery repossession man. ", "What did the policeman say to his belly? You're under a vest.", "She criticised my apartment, so I knocked her flat. ", "Hats off to hairdressers. ", "Sometimes I'm sure most of the U.S. family trees use recursion. ", "I'm 100% against animal cruelty. Nothing makes me sadder than when my dog makes fun of me.", "God didn't do the papers so is an illegal immigrant ", "I got an email today from a '32 year old bored housewife, looking for some action'. I've sent her my ironing, that'll keep her busy!", "I was wondering what my parents did without the internet. None of my 13 siblings could tell me", "People with halitosis are far and away best. ", "Whoever invented the knock knock joke should get a no-bell prize. ", "I'm not sure what FOMO means, but I fear I'm missing out on something. ", "Why should honeymoons only last six days? Because seven days makes a hole weak.", "Bought my girlfriend slippers and a dildo for Christmas. If she doesn't like the slippers, she can go fuck herself!", "An apple a day keeps the doctor away, But if the doctor is cute forget the fruit.", "Ever since I got back into bed, I've been fully recovered. ", "If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving is not for you.", "I would rather die than have sex with a necrophiliac. ", "Women shouldn't have children after thirty. Because, really, thirty children should be enough.", "I am thankful for laughter, except when milk comes out of my nose.", "Nature is my toilet, and I just clogged it ", "Why did the football manager give his team lighters? Cos they kept losing all of their matches.", "My horse has fallen and he can't giddy-up. ", "Knock Knock! Trick or Treat? What've you come as? A Werewolf. You've got normal clothes on? Well it's not a full moon yet, is it, dickhead?", "Welcome to Costco I love you! ", "I think that saving energy is ", "Where do suicide bombers go when they die? Everywhere!", "I'm looking at the paper and wonder if anybody else notices this, people seem to be dying in alphabetical order. ", "Why did I divide sin by tan? Just cos.", "I used to live in a tyre, but it got a puncture. Now I just live in a flat.", "Had lunch at IKEA and then I had to assemble my stool! ", "Today\u2026 I did seven press ups: not in a row. ", "Why are hipsters such great assassins? Because they hide the bodies in places no one has ever heard of.", "After dumping his girlfriend, a cannibal wipes his butt. ", "Circumcision puns? MoHELL no! ", "I like doing impressions of myself. ", "I think its important for cities that have been decimated by earthquakes to remember that it's not their fault. ", "r/fiftythousandtorpedos hits 50K subs! ", "Next time someone offers me pineapple juice, cranberry juice, orange juice and apple juice in the same glass is gunna get a punch ", "My doctor diagnosed me with cancer and Alzheimer's. At least it isn't cancer.", "You know you're ugly when a boiling kettle won't even give you a whistle.", "There's no 'u' in 'corporation'. ", "You\u2019re too judgmental. I wasn\u2019t sure it belonged here but it is one line &amp; irony is a form of comedy, so I thought I\u2019d see how you like it.", "I give speeches about most Stephen King books, but I don\u2019t talk about It ", "I am handling my porn addiction single handedly. ", "My sense of humor is so dark it's on food stamps ", "Doesn't matter if your cup is half full or half empty, point is: You need to buy a different size bra.", "You want your wedding to go well, but not without a hitch. ", "I hate having to disrobe for the doctor but in the end I grin and bare it. ", "Marathon organizers are really giving us a run for our money ", "There's no way I'll win the deformity contest, but I'm still keeping my finger crossed. ", "I wrote a play about a man dying of cancer. On the final page of the script, just as he's dying, it reads \"Exit Stage 4\" ", "The cat Buddha teaches that all of life contains suffering succotash, while the dog Buddha teaches that life is indeed ruff. ", "How do football players cool down during a game? They stand near the fans.", "Just got a text 'I'm so dirty. I need you to do me right now'. Unfortunately it was from the dishes in my sink.", "I couldn\u2019t quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but then it came back to me. ", "What's a pirates favorite thing to knit? Scaaaaaarrves ", "I have a joke about involuntary celebacy but you won't get it. ", "I made love to my wife for an hour and 5 minutes last night... thanks daylight savings time! ", "Without ME, it's just AWESO.", "Saying the name Keanu backwards is unique. ", "You have to question the modus operandi of people who use Latin for no reason. ", "I forgot to turn my swag off before I went to bed and woke up covered in restraining orders. ", "\"You mustn't eat before swimming\" doesn't really apply to aquatic animals. ", "To be Frank, there's no reason to be Curt with me. ", "My teacher threw sodium chloride at me. That's a salt!", "Rental cars are the true All Terrain Vehicles. [deleted]", "Why did the banker eat lunch by himself? Because he was a loaner.", "Why don't Arctic foxes eat penguins? Cos they can't get the wrappers off.", "A painter billed me $0 after finishing painting my house. I asked, why $0? He said: \"don't worry about the paint, it's on the house.\"", "My mother told me there were some cuties in the fridge. I got all excited, ran to the fridge and opened the door. But all I saw were oranges", "I bought an answering machine today but I think it's broken.I've asked it loads of questions but nothing's happening.", "What do ya call a woman who throws all her bills on the fire? Bernadette", "What does a perverted frog say? Rubbit.", "You know you\u2019re working class when your TV is bigger than your book case. ", "The companies running toilet paper advertisements right now are also dirty b-holes ", "Cheerful people are often stressed, because they're always in a hooray. ", "Both of my feet are legends ", "I used to be into S&amp;M, bestiality, and necrophilia all at the same time... until I realized I was just beating a dead horse. ", "I just hit 180 going down the M6 and people told me car darts was a bad idea..", "When a chunk of cheese is having its picture taken does the photographer tell it to say \"human\"? ", "You may not be the dumbest person on Earth, but you better hope he doesn't die. ", "I've always wanted to do stand up comedy, but I'm afraid that people will laugh at me. ", "It's really expensive to be poor. ", "What is Kurt Cobain favourite dish? ", "What do you call two old women who lick each others naughty bits? LesbiNans", "How many professors does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but they get three tech reports out of it.", "A woman is like dirt If you don\u2019t get her wet, she\u2019ll slip through your fingers!", "Why did Dracula go to the doctors?Because of his coffin.", "The professor discovered that his theory of earthquakes was on shaky ground. [deleted]", "Called my boss, what's the different between work and your daughter. I will not be coming into work today.", "What would the world be like if people were equal? Well, different. ", "Riot police like to get to work early so they can beat the crowds. ", "I've got a friend named Jay. We call him J for short.", "Will Will Smith smith? Yes! Will Smith will smith. ", "What do you call a Blonde doing a handstand? A Brunette with bad breath.", "Did you hear about the Aggies that were arrested in the Iranian zoo? They were trying to free the hostriches.", "They shouldn't call it \"office politics\", if you can't really vote out the bosses.", "There are only two kinds of people: quitters, and jar openers. ", "Time flies like wind, fruit flies like banana ", "I'm having a Brexit Christmas dinner, no Brussels! ", "What do you call a fake noodle? An IMPASTA!", "Last night I layed in bed looking up at the stars in the sky, and I thought to myself... Where's the roof gone?", "A hipster drowned when he was thrown in the mainstream. ", "Why is Monday so far from Friday, and Friday so close to Monday? ", "Did you hear about the cobbler who made a satanic pact?He sold his sole to the devil.", "Communism is like prohibition, it's a good idea but it won't work.", "What's the opposite of 'isolate?' You so early. ", "If your sewing rips, it\u2019s ok, there\u2019s no need to cry over split silk ", "The shovel was a groundbreaking innovation. ", "What do you do when your dishwasher stops working? Punch her in the face", "Why did the Dalai Lama visit Las Vegas? Tibet ", "So what if school doesn't teach us how to get a job or raise a family? At least I know the whole periodic table of elements!", "Get a new car for your spouse - it'll be a great trade! ", "How do you know if lady gaga is dead? You poke her face", "I used to be schizophrenic, but we\u2019re all right now.", "Watching Jeopardy taught me to question the answer ", "Mixing the letters of \"Begone Thot!\" gets you \"Begotten Ho!\" ", "So this dyslexic guy walks into a bra. ", "I'm making a fruit salad and the recipe says Pineapples - Five cubed. Where on Earth am I going to get 125 pineapples?", "Why did the computer crash? Because it had a bad driver!", "About 5 out of 40 people are bad at fractions. [deleted]", "I was trying to get my cows to mate, so I bought a cow sex guide; the brahma sutra ", "Have you heard that joke they don't tell to mentally handicapped people? Generally the person you tell it to will say NO if you make it sound convincing :D", "My car failed it's emissions test today! Fuming.", "I can cut a piece of wood just by staring at it.. It's true. I saw it with my own eyes. ", "Tequila won't fix your life but it's worth a shot. ", "What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe? Canoes tip!", "The sketchy salesman said it was just a pretty pillow case, but I knew it was a sham. ", "Just met Jurgen Klopps little brother. Klippety", "Astronomers got tired of watching the moon go round the earth for 24 hours. So they decided to call it a day.", "Why do Marxists drink herbal tea? Because proper tea is theft!", "What did the melon tell her boyfriend when he proposed? Yes but we cantaloupe. ", "I just lost a good friend of mine in a terrible accident as he got his finger stuck in a wedding ring. ", "he was trying to get a point across but the speaker was always missing ", "Why does Santa have such a big sack? Because he only comes once a year.", "Girls fall for me, because I trip them.", "My goal has always been to Iive forever...so far, so good. ", "A sexy bird looked at my beer belly today and sarcasticly asked \"Is it Fosters or Stella?\" I replied \"there's a tap underneath, taste it!\"", "Here's a bit of advice for you. Advi.", "The difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.", "If I could have dinner with anyone in history, dead, or alive, I believe I would choose alive. ", "There's actually only one Bernie Sanders bumper sticker and we all take turns sharing it. ", "What do gay ghosts give each other? The Willies.", "Your so trashy that when your mom dropped you off for school, she got a littering ticket. ", "Judge: You shouldn't have shown your... Louis: Ck? [deleted]", "How did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend? \"I just need some space.\"", "What food kills a woman's sex drive? Wedding cake.", "Officer to drunk boy : \"How high are you?\" Drunk Boy: No officer, its \"Hi! How are you?\"", "My psychiatrist says I have revenge issues. I'll show him.", "This winter is colder than my crush's heart. ", "To be fair, you shouldn't sit in the sun for too long. ", "What is the same about Netflix and diarrhea? They both stream instantly.", "For her birthday, my girlfriend told me that nothing would make her happier than a diamond ring, so I bought her nothing. ", "People have told me that I'm very doubting, but I'm not so sure. ", "Some people are Alpha dogs, I'm more of a Betta fish. ", "The worst thing you could do as a doctor is lose your patients. ", "Do you know where dijon is? Cause I musturd ", "Shoes provide soles for your feet. ", "That moment where you're trying to work but a bunch of YouTube videos keep popping up.", "I think I have ahlzheimers...at least I don't have ahlzheimers ", "I quit my job as a pizza delivery guy because Pornhub lied to me. ", "Hate to break it to you, Facebook, but the entire Internet is already a Dislike button. ", "I\u2019ve decided to stop masturbating, since then I\u2019ve not really felt myself. ", "If talking about my bulimia makes you uncomfortable, then I\u2019m sorry I brought it up. ", "If people who eat vegetables are vegetarians and people who eat fish are pescatarians, then cannibals should really be called humanitarians. ", "Did you realise that a woman's \"I'll be ready in five minutes\" and a man's \"I'll be home in five minutes\" are exactly the same?", "They say \"don't try this at home\" so I'm coming over to your house to try it. ", "What do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench? The NBA", "One of the most wonderful things in life is to wake up and enjoy a cuddle with someone, unless you're in prison. ", "I'm watching Tim and Eric's Awesome Show on my computer and it keeps making me think I'm getting a bluescreen. ", "When the Wind Stops does that mean it Blew Away? [removed]", "Free refills but bigger cups cost more is paying people to exercise in more trips to refill ", "To err is human but to arr is pirate. ", "I killed the entire glove industry with my bare hands ", "I lost everything I own in a house fire except a bet. ", "Did you hear about the magic tractor? It turned into a field.", "I remember how much things changed when my last girlfriend got pregnant. Like my name, address and telephone number.", "On holiday with my wife and I cannot believe how tiny and revealing her bikini is. The colour suits me though.", "Sorry the hiatus folks.  We took a 2 month vacation to be serious.  We're back in full swing though.", "If anorexic women want doctors to take them seriously, they should go on a hunger strike. [deleted]", "I'm throwing a party for people who have issues with orgasms. Can you come?", "What's positive about Africa? H.I.V.", "Find a woman with a birth defect that she has no pussy anus or mouth, then try to rape her ", "I went to the pub last night dressed as a tennis ball. I got served right away. ", "My neighbour was so angry, he said he was going to hit me with a guitar, but it was just a fret. ", "Broken Quiz Machine For Sale: No questions asked.", "Your girlfriend is rated E: for everyone.", "I'm having a bit of car trouble...mainly because I can't afford to put gas in it.", "Dave drowned. So at the funeral we got him a wreath in the shape of a lifesaver. It's what he would have wanted.", "I never make mistakes\u2026I thought I did once; but I was wrong. ", "I heard women love a man in uniform, so I got a job working at McDonalds.", "Sometimes, I miss being in a relationship. But then I look in my wallet and feel alright again.", "\"MIDWIFE FOR SALE\" (can deliver) ", "How do you fix a broken jack-o-lantern? With a pumpkin patch ", "Does anyone know if the Arachnophobia help line has a web site? ", "How do you drown a hipster? In the main stream", "I have pre-traumatic stress disorder ", "I asked my wife what she wanted for her birthday. She said, \"Nothing would make me happier than diamond earrings.\" So I got her nothing.", "I used to be shy, but since I've started rock climbing, I feel boulder. ", "I was told I have to put my grandma in a home, because she'll die, living out on the street [deleted]", "Yo mama\u2019s so fat that her petronas is a cake. [deleted]", "Jokes about miscarriage never land - the punch lines are hilarious, but the delivery is messed up. ", "My wife said she is leaving me because I\u2019m too arrogant, so I told her to close the door on the way back in. ", "If God meant for us to be naked, he would have fit our skin better on.", "I have to exercise early in the morning before my brain figures out what I'm doing. ", "What's made of leather and sounds like a sneeze?............A Shoe. ", "I would kill for a Nobel peace prize. ", "I\u2019m not offended by all the dumb-blonde jokes because I know that I\u2019m not dumb. I also know I\u2019m not blonde - Dolly Parton", "Those damn Asians and their ricism... ", "Help keep America beautiful. Stay in your house!", "one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they are okay, its \nYou", "Once I had a machine that made counterfeit pennies. I regret it now, but it made a lot of cents at the time.", "If you dont believe in multiverse that an object can be in 2 places at once, then how can a fat guy sit in 2 chairs at once ", "How does a politician sleep? First he lies on one side then he lies on the other.", "Opened a tin of meat. Soon as I opened it 20 more tins appeared... Bloody spam.", "If I see a spider in my house, I put a mirror in front of it to see if we're on the same page. ", "15\u00a2 toll in NY, talk about getting nickel-and-dimed! ", "Jesus is on Twitter, but unfortunately he's only got twelve followers... ", "If you were a laser, you'd be set on stunning.", "If Jesus can heal the blind, why are so many people still believers? ", "I had a dream I weighed less than a gram! I was like 0mg! ", "Listened to Delilah by Tom Jones for the first time ever today. Turned it off after 30 seconds. I just couldn't take anymore. ", "Got slapped by a girl for asking \"Do you spit or swallow?\" I thought this was a reasonable question since we were at a wine tasting session", "Why is Darth Vader so famous? He was the first black man to admit he is the father. ", "Darth Vader traveled with his friend Ella Vader. ", "Love is like a fart, if you have to force it it\u2019s probably shit. ", "Today I took a class on castration It was all neuter me", "The boss of Dulux paints has died of hypothermia while trekking across the Antarctic. Medics say he needed a second coat.", "Went to see the worst faith healer ever last night. He was so bad, a bloke in a wheelchair got up and walked out.", "I got the chips for my Super Bowl party. The dips should be arriving any minute.", "A lifelong friend is someone you haven\u2019t borrowed money from yet.", "A man complimented me on my driving today, there was a note on my windshield that said \"parking fine\"", "If Al Gore tried his hand as a musician, his album would be called Algorithms.", "I typically avoid conversations with robots, they just drone on. ", "I carved my wife's name on a tree today, to remember where the fuck I buried her. ", "I guess you could say I presume people aren't mutes. ", "Ah, the Nobel Peace Prize... I'd kill to win that. ", "I'm really pleased with my new fridge magnet. So far I've got eight fridges.", "I don\u2019t like to cast aspersions, but it\u2019s the only way I get to use the word aspersions ", "I slept in the kitchen last night. Why? Because I wanted breakfast in bed.", "Palestine: the struggle is real. [deleted]", "If dialing someone with your butt is called butt dialing, would butt dialing them facetime be called butt facing? ", "Sometimes instead of saying for example I say things such as such as for example. ", "If it's a Classified Ad, Why is it publicly published?", "What do you mean by saving our questions until the end? ", "Electricians have to strip to make ends meet. ", "What's got no teeth and smells? The gearbox in the wife's car...", "A man walks into a restaurant and orders a laxative to go. ", "Took my car to the bodyshop by accident. ", "I, for one, welcome our new coronavirus overlords ", "I believe a lot of conflict in the Wild West could have been avoided if the cowboy architects had just made their towns big enough for everyone. ", "Hardik! I know an Indian guy named Hardik; recently he was diagnosed with erectile dysfunction.", "Ever had Ethiopian food? No? Neither have they.", "I asked my girlfriend if she thought my erotic courtroom role-playing idea was weird, and she said 'You be the judge.' [deleted]", "What's the difference between Jews and Christians? Jews get really angry, but Christians just get a little cross.", "My girlfriend said she was going to leave me because I am too impatient. \n\nI can't wait.", "This is literally the funniest /r/oneliner ever to require the word 'hyperbole'. ", "Supply teachers don't usually have a lot of class. ", "I bought a spotlight, but I still have blackheads. ", "So stressed my acne just broke out.", "If there's one thing that makes me throw up its a dartboard on the ceiling!", "Woke up today to find someone had dumped 2 tonnes of topsoil on my vegetable patch. The plot thickens.", "Gonna ask my mum if that offer to \"Slap me into next year\" is still on the table ? ", "Puts the \"oopid\" in \"stupid\"", "If youre not an ET then youre just a T but your +1 to a party is an Extra Terrestrial ", "Body image is a big, fat, ugly problem. [deleted]", "If I'm ever in the situation where I have to pick my own form of execution I'm going to say \"Death by natural causes!\" ", "I bet people with two dads are really good at catch ", "Would anyone like to chip in for a sculpture ? ", "\"How To Keep Fit\" By Jim Nastics", "I tried on a pair of jeans from 7 years ago and they still fit perfectly. My \"eat whatever I want and hope nothing happens\" diet is working!", "Life is full of disappointments and I'm full of life.", "Guess who I bumped into in the opticians today? Everybody.", "See-saws don\u2019t live a balanced life. [deleted]", "My ex-wife hated my obsession with horoscopes. It taurus apart.", "He's turned his life around.  He used to be depressed and miserable.  Now he's miserable and depressed.", "When my wife found out I'd replaced our bed with a trampoline She hit the roof.", "I'm super lazy. It's like lazy, but I wear a cape.", "\"Seize the day\" is a silly made-up expression that panders to self-conscious epileptics. ", "Obesity kills way more people than gun violence yet there's still no march to end it which ironically would literally help to end it. ", "Was going to make a joke about my paycheck. Turns out I have insufficient puns.\ud83d\udcb5\ud83d\udcb5\ud83d\udcb5 ", "If life gives you melons you might be dyslexic ", "Don't pick on fat people! They have enough on their plates.", "If White privilege isn't real, then someone please explain why cocaine has been white for so long ", "What doesn't belong? Lobster, crab, tuna, or a Chinese man run over by a bus? Tuna. All others are crustaceans", "James Dyson has made money out of thin air. ", "An optimist is someone who falls off the Empire State Building and after 50 floors says, \"So far so good!\"", "How many valley girls does it take to change a light bulb? Manual labor? Gag me with a spoon!", "Mexican and Black jokes are all the same. Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal.", "When women wear bikinis, men are considerate enough to only look at the covered parts. ", "You cant buy slaves anymore but you can rent them ", "I call my wife treasure, cos she looks like she's just been dug up.", "I always told myself I would never fall in love with a chairlift, until one swept me off my feet. ", "An orphan's family photo is called a selfie. ", "Words are powerful, so choose them good. ", "My new girlfriend really takes my breath away. She's inflatable.", "I walked past the university of horology, the study of promiscuous women ", "Some annoying guy in the pub was shouting that he couldn't understand how to get outside. Needless to say, they showed him the door!", "The terms \"cattle,\" \"beef,\" and \"udder\" are always afraid of everything - because they're just a bunch of cow words. ", "What do you call a penguin in the desert? Lost.", "I have a really intense phobia of negative numbers. I'll stop at nothing to avoid them. ", "For my next trick, I will eat a musical instrument in a bread bap. Drum roll please.", "I just saw a guy jogging and I thought. That guy's going places ", "I never really liked to follow the crowd, which is probably why I was shit at protests. ", "I hate fences, lets picket them. ", "Entropy isn't what it used to be.", "I don't have bad handwriting. I have my own font.", "It\u2019s with a very heavy heart that I inform you all that I just received a cardiac transplant from Lizzo ", "What did one unemployed cancer cell say to the other? Lets get Jobs!", "I still don't understand how Pi is 3142Am I missing the point?", "Isn't it weird how when a cop drives by you feel paranoid instead of protected. ", "I want my tombstone to read: \"Told one too many puns, it was a grave mistake.\" ", "The jumper I got for Xmas kept picking up static electricity so I took it back to the shop and exchanged it for another one. Free of charge.", "A friend told me he doesn't appreciate Romeo And Juliet, which I think is a tragedy. ", "I gave my wife a necklace and got a chain reaction. ", "Donald Trump is what happens when you tell a child all his ideas are special. ", "A cowboy walks into a German car showroom and says, \"Audi!\" ", "I don't know where I would be without my compass. ", "Elon really knows how to get things done, instead of a can-do attitude, he has a Musk-do attitude. ", "how much can you eat? Even though everyone talks about dieting people keep eating all the time.", "When the assassin was hungry, the assassinate. ", "I was going to nail a shelf to my wall, but then I thought..Screw it!", "Be there in 5 minutes, if not, read this again.", "What should you do when life gives you melons? Get tested for dyslexia.", "Every prostitute has a unique selling point. [deleted]", "I like my women like I like my coffee. Compressed into a plastic pod and brewed one cup at a time. ", "I began to think this preacher was a little suspect when I asked the first words in the Bible, he said \u201cThis book has been placed here by the Gideon\u2019s, do not remove\u201d ", "My deaf wife just told me that \u201cWe need to talk\", which was not a good sign. ", "Pain is temporary ; GPA is forever. ", "People are often shocked when they find out I'm not a very good electrician. ", "I got caught stirring up trouble in chemistry class, so the teacher sent me home on a colloidal suspension ", "Why did the Irish call their currency the \"Punt\"? Because it rhymes with Bank Manager", "My girlfriend is like the square root of -100. A solid 10 but also imaginary... ", "It does not count as getting high on life just cuz a weed plant is alive ", "A neutron walks into a bar and asks the bartender, \"How much for a beer?\" The bartender says, \"For you, no charge.\"", "A Jehovah's Witness gave me an advent calendar. The first door I opened there were two of them standing behind it.", "I had a bukkake party last night. It was a disaster. Nobody came.", "I\u2019m about to start reading Great Expectations but I don\u2019t have high hopes for it... ", "Showing up casually late A friend of mine always shows up late to parties, always has the best one liners. What is a good one I can use when showing up to a bar late?", "What do you call a girl that raps about women rights? Feminem. ", "Do zombies eat popcorn with their fingers? No, they eat the fingers separately.", "My friend has a villa in the south of France that he claims is in St-Laurent-du-Var - It's really Nice. ", "If you're having trouble understanding fractions, don't worry, our helpline is open 24/7. ", "I'm not a fan of shopping centres. Once you've seen one, you've seen the mall.", "What did the debater say after getting stabbed during an argument? Good point", "Dyslexic rules KO", "Things are always easier said than done..Except for talking, that's pretty much the same really.", "I'm starting a 5k, walk for obesity; we found a cure. [deleted]", "How many graduate students does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but it takes nine years.", "I think there is an undercover cop at my school, the police training academy. [deleted]", "I think my memory foam mattress is suffering from amnesia. ", "England has no kidney bank, but it does have a Liverpool. ", "Have you seen the new film called Constipation? It hasn't come out yet.", "I was wondering why looters would target Target, then it dawned on me... \"Bullseye\". ", "I've just bought a new book called \"Living with Tourettes\". I swear by it. ", "I once had a dog called Blacksmith. Every time i kicked it, he made a bolt for the door!", "The letter 'q' needs to get a real job.", "Why did Hitler commit suicide? Because he got his gas bill.", "A woman met a man walking along the street wearing only one shoe. 'Just lost a shoe?' she asked. He answered, 'Nope, just found one'.", "The inventor of weightlifting chalk must be rubbing his hands.... ", "I'm dating an Italian bricklayer and it's cement to be! ", "Watching the movie Dying Young gets old after a while ", "In a fit of irony, he had to suck it up and buy a wider pair of pants. ", "I care about you too much to let you believe that was a real breast exam ", "To all of you wanting more of my introverted YouTube content, don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. ", "People who don't have any sense of humour are solemn. ", "What do you call a leper in a jacuzzi? Stew.", "Going to church doesn't make you any more Christian than standing in a garage makes you a car.", "I upgraded my resume from \"tending a small garden\" to \"plant manager\". [deleted]", "You know you're getting old when on a Friday night you're listening to the police scanner instead of being on it. ", "Where does Sean Connery shit? On any chair he finds.", "Book Man:\"Have you got that book about telling people your gay?\"\n\nLibrarian:\"Not out yet\"\n\nMan:\"That's the one!", "A 12\u201d dick smells like a foot. ", "In economic terms, toilet paper is a valuable commode-ity. ", "My wife reckoned she could sing more football terrace songs than me.  But I beat her easily. She had no chants.", "Keep your saddle oiled and your gun greased. ", "Are they still together after all these years? ...your butt cheeks.", "What if Taylor Swift and Adele started dating and then broke up?", "Know why they call it a Fiat? Cause if you get mad enough, you can throw one ", "It's so annoying when someone says the name of a song and it gets stuck in your head all day. Like Rhinestone Cowboy. ", "LOL=lacking of literacy", "Do you know why Frequency cannot love any more? Cause it still hertz.", "I like putting notes on peoples windshields saying I smashes their car and did an amazing job fixing it.", "I was going to make a joke about bad glue, but it just doesn't stick right. ", "I find that ducks opinion of me is very much influenced by whether or not I have bread. ", "Sex on television can't hurt you, unless you fall off! ", "I was involved in a violent mugging this morning. On the plus side I did make $43 and I think the watch looks really good on me.", "its ok to drive drunk if its a vampire who drank you ", "Why do Mexicans never cross the border in groups of 3? Because the sign says no tres-passing. ", "What's large, white and can kill you if it fell out of a tree? A fridge.", "After the lawyer flushed the toilet, it went to the suer. ", "I know a thing or three about miscalculations. ", "I used to earn a living doing backing vocals. I can still remember the words \"This vehicle is reversing\".", "Put down the phone, relax, close your eyes, and just concentrate on driving. ", "Shouldn't the family planning section of drug stores be called family prevention? ", "A colonoscopy is a pain in the ass. ", "I had a complaint about my meditation classes, so I was referred to the Ommmbudsman. ", "I'm not sure what shocked my mailman more, the fact that I came to the door completely naked, or the fact that I knew where he lived. ", "Sexy has four letters. So does meee.", "What do you do to a chemist after they die? You barium.", "I give back to the world by seeding my torrents.", "Did You Hear About The Kidnapping At School? It Wasn't That Big Of A Deal, He Woke Up When The Bell Rang... ", "What cheese is made backwards? Edam.", "Someone tell me what \"deceit\" is - I'm asking for (not) a friend. ", "I would give my right arm to be ambidextrous. ", "Why can't Barbie get pregnant? Because Ken comes in a different box.", "What's the best cheese to use if you want to lure a bear out the woods? Camembert.", "I opened an all-night smog check named \"Nocturnal Emissions\". Everyone was embarrassed to come. ", "I've been singing the nursery rhyme Head, Shoulders Knees N toes missing out.... \"And eyes and ears And mouth and nose\" #beatcoronavirus ", "A bookstore is one of the only pieces of evidence we have that people are still thinking. ", "Technically, a buttdial is a booty call. ", "Mama says people on Meth are furious cos they get all them food stamps, but no teeth to eat with... ", "Feed a man a fish; feed him for a day. Feed a fish a man; feed your fish for like, a whole year. ", "Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.", "If you lend someone $20 and never see them again, it was probably worth it.", "If you break your legs, don't come running to me.", "I hate it when people get simple sayings wrong. I mean it's not rocket surgery. ", "During the war my granddad broke the enigma code machine [removed]", "If you don't have time for a boyfriend and a dog, then I, as a werewolf, am an excellent bargain. ", "They Don't Have Wal-Mart's in Afghanistan.... Because there's a Target on every corner. ", "Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder...", "If you don't like murals, you're not looking at the big picture. [deleted]", "\"Torture me\" said the masochist. \"No\" the sadist smiled.", "Never get stuck behind the Devil in a Post Office queue! The Devil can take many forms.", "In Israel, it\u2019s just called \u2018jitsu\u2019. ", "Every time I find the meaning of life they change it. ", "What do you get when you cross a dyslexic, an insomniac, and an agnostic? Someone who lays awake at night wondering if there is a dog", "When I asked the doctor how my son was doing after swallowing a few coins, he replied, \"No change yet.\" ", "I\u00a0started a band called 999 Megabytes We haven't got a gig yet.", "What does a toilet, a clitoris, and an anniversary have in common? Men usually miss all three.", "What do you call a deaf man with no limbs? Whatever you want.", "I took an aspirin and stayed away from my kids - just like the bottle said. ", "I met a girl in town who told me she'd show me a good time. Then she ran 100m in 9.69 seconds.", "I would rather kill myself than commit suicide.", "My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are. But I laugh more. ", "If you want to setup a company and run it then that\u2019s your business. ", "One-liner [deleted]", "I spent most of last night in jail. Couldn't roll a double for the life of me.", "Wedding rings are the prettiest, tiniest, most expensive handcuffs ever.", "What do you call a boat that gives fresh breath? A Shipmint! ", "When two lazy people are playing tennis are there more break points? ", "I would never moon anyone because that would be embarrassing. [deleted]", "Mom used to feed me alphabet soup because she said I really liked it -- I didn't though, she was just putting words in my mouth. ", "Why don't kleptomaniacs understand sarcasm? They always take things literally. ", "my brother called me from prison and said \u201chey you know how we finish each other\u2019s sentences?\u201d ", "I wish the very first word I ever said was \u201cQuote\u201d, so that way, right before I die, I could say, \u201cEnd quote.\u201d ", "Instead of getting married again,\nI'm going to find a woman\nI don't like and just give her a house.", "A police recruit was asked during the exam, \"What would you do if you had to arrest your own mother?\" He said: \"Call for backup.\"", "Yo mama is so hairy you almost died of rugburn at birth.", "I've been getting anonymous texts from someone telling me to shower, comb my hair and brush my teeth. I think they might be trying to groom me", "In archery class, I tried to use a broken arrow, but it was pointless. ", "I think it's great that you're turning over a new leaf, but keep going; the gutters are full of them. ", "My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction, so I packed up my stuff and right. ", "Why do Native Americans hate snow? Because it's white and settles on their land.", "Blackbirds that stick together are Velcrows. ", "Local news: 'Amputee robber evaded police for 15 days'. That's amazing, considering he wasn't armed.", "I am so poor.. that my smartphone shows bus mode instead of an airplane mode", "If Machievelli had discovered America instead of Columbus, the city would be called Machievelli, Ohio. ", "I suggested to my wife that she'd look sexier with her hair back. Which is apparently an insensitive thing to say to a cancer patient.", "I like to get around town in a giant hamster ball. It's just how I roll.", "I put off more things by 9:00am than most people do all day.", "I quit the furniture business because I completely ran out of stool samples... ", "Day 1 of short term memory loss. ", "Traffic Update: Vicks Vaporub lorry has overturned on the motorway. Police have confirmed that there will be no congestion for 8 hours", "Necrophilia, better late than never ", "I used to be a tap dancer, but I kept falling in the sink.", "Do you know what my favorite machine to work in the Gym is? The vending machine.", "The principal at my doctorate school is giving me the third degree ", "If women were like chess pieces there would be no war [deleted]", "A man put his dick in peanut butter, he was fucking nuts. ", "I wished for bitches so the genie gave me all the men I ever called that ", "I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it. ", "Canada's border with Mexico is incredibly thick. ", "In what Californian city can you find waffles buried at the beach? Sandy Eggo.", "I like my women like I like my hot tubs: So hot I can only stay in them for 30 seconds. ", "I would be so lost without my GPS ", "What is it about being blind, that makes you want to walk the dog all the time? ", "Jazz musicians love group Sax ", " My wife used to be a regular customer at McDonalds.\n\nThese days, she's more of a large.", "Duct tape is like the Force.  It has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.", "Nudes is just a fancy word for selfie of your ass ", "I'm apathetic, but I don't care.", "I don't really balance my checking account so much as capsize it.", "How do you make antifreeze? Hide her cardigan.", "The difference between a Messiah and a witch is, gender discrimination. ", "I hate sports including bats, they're a nightmare to catch when they fly away. ", "I\u2019m only micro when I\u2019m soft ", "When I was young I used to think Earwigs actually lived in your ears! You can imagine how terrified I was of cockroaches!", "I work at a factory that makes plastic statues of Dracula. There are only two of us on the line so I have to make every second count. ", "A bloke walked into a Fishmongers with a giant condom under his arm. \"A pound a fillet?\" The Fishmonger replied \"A pound you don't\".", "Walking past the prison and saw a midget climbing down the wall. He glared at me. Said to my friend \"That's a little con descending\"", "A religious war is like children fighting over who has the strongest imaginary friend.", "They say long distance relationships never work but I've been calling my girlfriend every day since she filed that restraining order. [deleted]", "To the guy who invented the number zero, thanks for nothing. ", "How do you know that your wife is dead? The sex is the same, but the dishes are piling up.", "Did you hear about /r/The_Donald's new business venture? [deleted]", "I tried uploading my sex tape to PornHub. They told me to try Vine.", "Hi, I'm a tagline. When I grow up I'm gonna be a novel!", "A quarter of my roof blew away last night. Oof. ", "We don't get a lot of opportunities to get kids interested in math so we need to make them count. ", "It\u2019s Christmas Eve, not Christmas Steve. ", "I\u2019ve been off my OCD meds for 7 months, 12 days, 3 hours and 52 minutes ", "Why don't North Koreans go to heaven? Because they have no Seoul", "Ancient scribes who hired Aztec writers had to make sure the Inca was dry. ", "People make a resolution to lose weight.  I make a resolution to not take photos of myself. Problem solved.", "\"Wasn't a problem at all, in fact it was a piece of cake!\" said the baker. ", "How great it would be to be a pet fish. You're swimming around and suddenly it starts raining food. ", "People who exaggerate are literally worse than Hitler. ", "Roses are grey.\nViolets are grey.\nI'm colorblind.", "My wife left me for a midget the other day. This broke my heart, I couldn't believe she would stoop so low..", "Is it bad to hate a certain race? Because I absolutely loathe Rainbow Road.", "I haven\u2019t seen boobs in so long they are just a distant mammary ", "I heard that Richard Moll just turn 70 last month. I think that is Bull. ", "It's incredibly difficult to do something unforgettable while in a nursing home. ", "People who died in WWII missed the better half of the 20th century ", "Did you hear about the testicular cancer survivor who won the lottery? When he found out, the guy went nut.", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Francis. Francis who? Francis next to Germany.", "So I was at work at a conference call eating Cheetos without muting the mic. This is what I've always dreamt work would be.", "Mane I'm a sadio mane except the io e is silent", "I went to a really emotional wedding, even the cake was in tiers ", "Well...Well....Well...Welcome to stutters anonymous. ", "I met my wife on the net. We were both terrible trapeze artists.", "My wife has left me, she says I love football more than I love her. I'm gutted, we've been together ten seasons!", "The new iPhone is waterproof in that it proves that water exists. [deleted]", "I'm against public protests, but I don't know how to show it.", "Video games can be great at parties, but some can be Bad Company 2. [deleted]", "Waking up is the second hardest thing in the morning ", "Don't run with bagpipes because you could put an aye out, or even worse, get kilt. ", "Call me Bridget 'cause I'm on a troll. ", "I used to be a member of the secret cooking society, but they kicked me out for spilling the beans. ", "My favorite soccer team is Fly Emirates. [deleted]", "I always find it crazy how it only takes 5 mins to walk to the pub, but 45 mins to walk home. The difference is staggering. ", "For years I've been obsessed with eating \u00a310 notes, but now I'm hungry for change. ", "Peanuts are like cashews in a nutshell. [deleted]", "Let's grow old together. You go first.", "If I had to describe myself in one word it would be \"Doesn't understand instructions\"", "If I had a dollar for every time someone called my ex wife ugly...\nI would have stayed with her for the money.", "I had to put my grades up for adoption because I couldn't raise them. ", "Did you hear about the local crossword champion who passed away? You can find him at the local cemetary 6 down and 4 across.", "Never moon a werewolf.", "Every time I see you I think about how much of a waste that 100 million years was.", "Did you guys hear about the blind prostitute? She didn't see it coming...", "So a blind man walks into a bar Ouch.", "\"Where do you want this big roll of\u00a0bubble\u00a0wrap?\" I asked my boss. \"Just pop it in the corner,\" he said. It took me three hours.", "*how long*is a Chinese name [deleted]", "I really fancy my therapist, she makes me feel a tease. ", "I think my impression of an al fresco statue is outstanding ", "There's no such thing as ghosts, only clumsy ninjas. ", "My son 'Qwertyuiop' eventually forgave me when he realised how satisfying it is to type his own name. ", "Original Sin requires god to think all blacks are sinners ", "A Buddhist goes up to a hotdog stand and says, \"Make me one with everything.\"", "I'm a bit of a risk taker, I ate an After 8, at half past 7. ", "Women wearing hats never wander far from their frosted flakes. ", "You never realize what you have till its gone... Toilet paper is a good example.", "I was going to re-face our fireplace without my wife\u2019s knowledge, but I don\u2019t have the stones for that. ", "I always sneeze on my knuckles before a fight to inflict extra poison damage. ", "What did the elephant say to the naked man? \"How do you breath through something so small?\" ", "Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing", "I hate when people ask me what I'm see myself doing in 5 years. Its not like I have 2020 vision.", "The server said to give it a few minutes before pouring the French Press coffee, which I thought was a steep order. ", "It's better to be a worldwide alcoholic, than an Alcoholic Anonymous. ", "This girl came up to me today and said she recognized me from the vegetarian club. I was confused, I'd never met herbivore.", "Get off that chair, back straight, head up; I stand, corrected. ", "I just love helium..I can't speak highly enough about it!", "What do you call an obese Arab? Yafat Fuqa.", "I'm a vegan, but only when no one else is around; I really don't want to have a beef with anyone. ", "A man walks into a stable and the horse says, \"Why the small cock?\" ", "The salesman was peddling used bikes. ", "Due to less people on r/oneliners this post will probably won't get much upvotes [deleted]", "Our old sofa felt terrible.. but now it's fully recovered.", "Federal judge deals blow to marijuana activists http://imgur.com/X9SWUCm", "Yo Mama is so fat she sat on a dollar and made four quarters.", "My wife left me because she said I'm obsessed with the muppets. Apparently, I'm not ready for a kermitment.", "\"Describe yourself in three words.\" \"Lazy.\"", "Me. ", "Taxi drivers need to know their place. ", "There's no \"us\" in \"politician\", but there's lots of Is. ", "My grandpa smelt toast right before he died from a house fire. [deleted]", "Thots are basically just a motel 6 for dicks ", "Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud. ", "I just saw a guy jogging and I thought. That guys going place [deleted]", "I combined all my wrist watches to make a belt. It was a complete, waist of time.", "If you're worried about your spook level for Halloween, dont worry, the real skeleton has been inside you the whole time! ", "My friend has a villa in the south of France that he claims is in St-Laurent-du-Var - It's really Nice. [deleted]", "I recently cut ties with my destructive tailor. ", "My boss thinks of me as a verb.", "Where do naughty rays of light go? Prism ", "There's a point to the male penis ", "Dream big! Nap often.", "Even people who are good for nothing have the capacity to bring a smile to your face, for instance, when you push them down the stairs. ", "I thought I would enjoy dildos, but really they're just a pain in the ass ", "You can't run through a camp site. You can only ran, because it's past tents.", "Gambling has brought our family together. We had to move to a smaller house.", "There's now a record number of male hairdressers in this country. More evidence of our society's descent into barberism.", "(Saluting my girl immediately after sex) Thank you for your cervix. ", "I have had amnesia for as long as I can remember. ", "Thank god my doctor didn\u2019t say anything about my hearing. ", "An elephant asks a camel why it had breasts on its back and the camel replied, ' silly question for someone who has a dick on its face '", "The smoking fetishist got off on a lighter sentence. ", "I received a gift from my psychiatrist, it was shrink wrapped. ", "Planned on vacation ended up on ventilation... Spring break 2020! ", "Money talks...but all mine ever says is good-buy. ", "What did Mr.T say when he saw a fat lady at the bar? I pity the stool!", "Where do you take a photographic memory to be developed? ", "I've found a job helping a one armed typist do capital letters, but it's only shift work. ", "Thanks for explaining the word 'many' to me, it means a lot! ", "I used to be in a band called 'Missing Cat'. You probably saw our posters.", "Many photons make light work. ", "Such is the unwritten rule! ", "An apple a day not only keeps the doctor away, it also gets you a restraining order for throwing a daily apple at him and yelling \"Go Away Doctor!\" ", "You know you are getting old when the candles on your birthday cake start to cost more than the cake itself. ", "I just can't see myself wearing camouflage ", "The consequences of my bad eating habits have started to weigh on me. ", "cunning linguist applies for job as dictionary editor ", "Where does a dog go when he loses his tail? A re-tail store", "How do you blind an Asian woman? Put a windshield in front of her.", "Why should you always bring a bag of chips to a party? In queso emergency.", "I saw this bloke chatting up a cheetah, I thought \"he's trying to pull a fast one\".", "What do you say if Satan sneezes?", "My dog is named Minton. Today he ate a shuttlecock.. Bad Minton!", "Fountain of Youth jokes never get old. ", "Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it isn't going away.", "The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard. ", "pirate walks into a bar and barman says\" you have a steering wheel In your pants\"the pirate said:Argh and it's been driving me nuts all day", "Why was the blonde upset when she got her Drivers License? Because she got an F in sex.", "My extra sensitive toothpaste gets upset when I use a different kind. ", "After a bad day I came home to find that somebody has ripped the front and back pages from my dictionary.It just goes from bad to worse.", "I once witnessed a chronic masturbator set a world record for the longest wank session. I seriously couldn't believe that he pulled it off. ", "My family's new television has parental control.\n\nI'm gonna use it to get my mom to make me a sandwich.", "My smart phone doesnt work. I push home and I'm still at work.", "I met somebody at work today called William Hill. What are the odds?", "Why don't snakes have balls? Because they're terrible dancers.", "What happens if Pinocchio says 'My nose will now grow'?", "I used to know a joke about the hippocampus, but I forgot it.", "How I Met Your Mother was the longest Ted talk ever. ", "You know whats really awesome punctuation ", "You have to be patient to get the doctor's appointment. ", "If your kid does not want to take a nap, is he refusing a rest? ", "My sister dated a magazine salesman, but he had too many issues. ", "I hate plastic wrap, it's tear-able ", "Maybe plants are farming us, giving us oxygen until we decompose and they can eat us ", "Don't buy anything at a dry goods store with a leaky roof ", "I for one like Roman numerals. ", "How many 11s does it take to change a lightbulb? 9. 9 11 changed everything.", "Food coloring makes me dye inside. ", "If you wait for the waiter to return..Doesn't that MAKE you the waiter?", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Hatch. Hatch who? Bless you!", "My girlfriend told me she was leaving me because I keep pretending to be a Transformer, but I said, \"No, wait! I can change!\" ", "OK. I see many hands up . I see... ", "Make great America great again. [deleted]", "Grandma opens a present with a pair of earrings and grandpa leans over and says,\"what are those, fish hooks?\"", "The Epidemic got panned in February and became a Pandemic! ", "Saying Africans are the only colored people creates a real black and white world. ", "Last night I punched my mates lights out..and got electrocuted.", "Been reading up on the Thesaurus lately because a mind is a terrible thing to garbage. ", "Sad news. I've just heard that the bloke who invented predictive text has pissed away. His funfair is next monkey. ", "Last night I saw a fat lad chatting up a fat girl. She turned him down though. She was worried he was just trying to get into her Snickers", "There are 3 kinds of people. Those who can count and those who can't.", "Mosquitos suck. ", "I'm always nervous when a woman sees me naked for the first time that she'll just scream and run out of the park. ", "Hedgehogs \u2013 why can\u2019t they just share the hedge? ", "I'm not a fan of cannibalism, but to eat his own ", "Words cannot express how limited my vocabulary is.", "I got fired as a hitman; I don\u2019t know why everyone I was told to take out said they had a lovely evening and were willing to go on a second date. ", "The vet told me \"I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to put your dog down.\" I said. \"WHY?!\" Vet said: \"Because my arms are getting tired.\"", "You hear they're making a movie about constipation? The movie doesn't come out for a while.", "What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever.", "What do you call a Mexican Midget? A paragraph, because they're too short to be an essay.", "I've always had a difficult relationship with my parents. When I was first born I didn't speak to them for 2 years.", "Why can't pirates finish the alphabet? They get lost at C.", "Bee careful, typos can sting! ", "Somebody drilled a hole in the fence around the nudist colony. Police are looking into it.", "This morning I had an eye opening experience. ", "Where does Walmart keep the Terminator toys? Aisle B, back.", "Have I spoken about continuity before? ", "I don't know why people want white iPhones... Everyone knows blacks run faster than whites.", "Mary had a little lamb, and then she had dessert.", "Did you hear about the man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray? They say that he's a seasoned veteran.", "Is it a bad sign if my biggest masturbation fantasy is having friends and being content? ", "I walked down a street and the houses were numbered 64K, 128K, 256K, 512K and 1MB.It was a trip down memory lane.", "Harry Charound walks into a bar and asks, \"Is Jack Reacher round? I heard he was looking for Harry Charound.\" ", "I just drove my car to a 4x4 specialist..It turns out the answer is 16.", "Why is abbreviation such a long word?", "How many supply-siders does it take to change a light bulb? None. The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself.", "What do you call a man with a map on his head? Miles.", "tired egg what do you call a tired egg?\n\n... Egghausted", "Fake tasers are also known as teasers. [deleted]", "I once saw 8 men get beaten up by 1 guy at the same time...I called it an octopus. ", "58.37% of statistics are carefully executed using recent research. ", "Do Priests consider font size before baptism? ", "Do you know what all kind of imported port-a-potties should be called? EUROPEAN.", "BREAKING: Police are trying to rescue a cow lost in a cannabis field. The steaks have never been higher.", "aids ribbons hurt aids'es feelings you want to wipe it out ", "Monica Lewinsky is becoming a Republican because the Democrats left a bad taste in her mouth. ", "Cure for Covid 19 accidentally discovered in Beirut. ", "As a baby I was too large for the stork and had to be delivered by a crane. ", "The professor discovered that his theory of earthquakes was on shaky ground. ", "Press Alt + F4 to finish the joke..", "I'm a perfectipnist.", "A car's weakest part is the nut holding the steering wheel. ", "What do we want? Another question! When do we want it? Thanks!", "What's the difference between three dicks and a joke? Your mum can't take a joke.", "If all men are the same, why do women take so long to find one?", "Is the Vagina Monologues a period piece? ", "Man jumps in a taxi says \"King Arthur's Close\". Taxi driver says \"Don't worry I'll lose him at the lights\".", "This Congress couldn't pass a sandwich across a table. ", "Cure to bestiality: Therapy dogs. [deleted]", "I came. I saw. I cleared the browser history... ", "You know you getting old when your last birthday cake was mostly wax. ", "A 40-year-old man called me swell. What the heck do I do now?", "Murderers Having a discussion with an awkward murderer is a conversation killer", "At my age, the only thing that gets hard are my arteries. ", "I bought an expensive ruler, just for good measure. ", "Underwear bandit admits brief crime spree. ", "What is the difference between ooooh and aaaah?About three inches.", "I tried to use my penis as a paintbrush but it was too hard. ", "- are u single? - nah, bipolar ", "How do you make a Venetian blind? Poke him in the eye.", "Worried this Christmas as our dyslexic office junior has organised a secret satan.", "The Norwegian navy has started putting bar codes on their ships so they can scan da navy in. ", "I tried to tell my friend ten puns to make her laugh, but no pun in ten did. ", "I used to snort coke, but the ice cubes kept getting stuck in my nose. [deleted]", "Billion dollar idea...\"Tell John Wick that Trump killed his dog.\" ", "My Mrs was moaning about my obsession with sport so I booked us a table for 8pm. Disaster! By 9pm she still hadn't potted a single ball.", "A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm and says: 'A beer please, and one for the road.'", "To do:\n1) Dig a hole\n2) Name it love\n3) Watch people fall in it", "What did the sea say to boat? Nothing it just waved.", "It's impossible to surprise a snowman because it has ice in the back of its head. ", "How do you find a blind man in a nudest colony? It isn't hard.", "I was placed on suicide watch... ...but I was really bad at it because they all killed themselves.", "I'm a big believer in good food. ", "I don't like my hair cut, but it's starting to grow on me. ", "grandpa always said,\"Don't watch money; watch your health. So one day when I was watching my health, someone took my money.It was my grandpa", "I'm seeing this girl with eczema. She's got a cracking body.", "Did you hear about the overly sensitive burglar? He was always taking things personally.", "For years I used to think I was a leg of pork..... but, my doctor cured me. ", "My Viagra addiction was the hardest time of my life. ", "A website where you can ask questions about drugs: Ask Jeebs ", "Opened a tin of spam found nothing but junk mail ", "I\u2019m not passive aggressive, unlike some people. ", "I went to a seafood disco last night. Pulled a mussel.", "When an old man wanted to retire from being a traffic cop, his boss gave him the green light. ", "Just in case If it seems to good to be true, sabotoge it just in case!", "What does the sign of an out of business brothel say? Beat it. We're closed.", "Experience is what you get when you don\u2019t get what you want.", "If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is it naked, or homeless? [removed]", "I always thought that reincarnation was my best shot at fame and fortune. ", "Did you hear the one about the streaker who ran naked through a church? The priest caught him by the organ.", "a condom is the latest time to cockblock ", "Claustrophobic people are more productive thinking outside the box. ", "For those who say money can't buy you happiness - You have obviously never paid for a divorce. ", "Tried to play mini golf once, and that's how I lost my role in The Italian Job. ", "I put my clothes on the line earlier. I think my gambling addiction has gone too far.", "What do 32 Iraqi women in one place have? A full set of teeth!", "When two vegans are fighting each other, is it still considered 'beef'? ", "How many Carl Sagans does it take to screw in a light bulb? Billions and billions.", "I ended up in jail the other night and the guys across from me had glued themselves together. It was very con-fusing.", "If theres one thing in life that I can count on, its my fingers. ", "My mates laughed at me because my girlfriend is imaginary... Jokes on them, they are too!", "I get so confused when I see a car with Hawaii plates, like, \u201cdid you manage to drive here?\u201d. ", "Yo Mama is so fat, her nickname is \"DAMN!\"", "i took the shell of my racing snail trying to speed it up. if anything, it made him more sluggish. ", "As a diaper soiler, I was an agent of change. ", "I love my dog but his mom is a bitch. ", "The computer doesn't care how beautiful your code is, and only a finished project runs. ", "Don't trust me, trust me. ", "How many times do I have to cry wolf before animal control shows up? ", "I've upped my standards, so up yours. ", "Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience. ", "What stands in a field and goes \"Oooooh!\"? A cow with no lips.", "I just saw two guys fighting over a Pepsi, next to a poster of Kylie Jenner [removed]", "I once dated a girl who had a tattoo of a seashell on her inner thigh. When you put your ear up to it, you could smell the ocean. ", "Yo mama is so fat she eats Wheat Thicks.", "If women ruled the world there wouldn't be any wars, just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.", "Banning Viagra was a big flop. ", "Someone has to let the other win sometimes ", "To neutralize a negative man is a positive change ", "My friend says my jokes don\u2019t make any sense and that the punch lines are always too obscure, which is quite funny really because his uncle used to grow his own onions ", "If you're a theremin player, getting to know the Scooby Doo guy is probably a smart move. ", "I'm pretty good at looking through telescopes; I can do it with one eye closed. ", "I wish I was toilet paper so I can touch that fine ass. ", "I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather, not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car ", "I've seen God's silhouette - all I did was pour water over an enormous monster. [deleted]", "I gave my pony a glass of water. He was a little horse. ", "My financial advisor said I needed to budget better, so I fired him. ", "Outside my local school, the kids were selling chocolate to raise money for eczema awareness, so I bought a flake.", "When I die, I want my head to be mounted on a wall. I also want to be animatronic, so that when people walk by I can ask them to scratch my nose. ", "Little Johnny: Teacher, can I go to the bathroom? \nTeacher: Little Johnny, MAY I go to the bathroom? \nLittle Johnny: But I asked first!", "What do you give to a sick lemon? Lemon aid.", "I crack gokd drug puns. ", "If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.", "BREAKING NEWS: Eleven reindeer face trial after allegations of racism ", "Last Thursdayism is one of the oldest religions in the world, having been founded way back when the universe first began last Thursday. ", "I'm proud to be unique....... I wish there were more people like me. ", "A man showed up for a duel armed only with a pencil and paper, then proceeded to draw his weapon. ", "When my girlfriend told me to stop impersonating a flamingo I had to put my foot down. ", "Shoutout to toilets, for dealing with my crap this whole time. (Well, maybe not once)", "In life you wanna be the taint, somewhere between a total pussy and a complete asshole Teehee ", "The Hawaiian Islands have many craters that were formed by volcanoes. You might say that the islands are full of ash holes.", "Klopp used to have the \"Yellow Wall\". Now he's going to have small pieces of red wall instead. Under his car, where the wheels used to be.", "Ever hear of the Tempura House? It's a home for lightly battered women.", "What's the difference between a hamburger and a prostitute? A hamburger is better with cheese.", "I've decided to sell my vacuum cleaner. It was just gathering dust.", "We're used to thinking in terms of \"filthy rich\" and \"dirt poor\"\u2014but whatever happened to clean and comfortable? [deleted]", "I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places.", "I've successfully grown a field of dildos.... Now I have squatters. ", "People seem to like the Chinese flag. It\u2019s got five stars. ", "Replacing car wheels gets pretty tiring ", "Sigarettes are the main reason for statistics.", "How do you jack off if you have a nut allergy? ", "I think my spell Czech is broken. ", "I changed my iPod's name to Titanic. It's syncing now. ", "I only watched the royal wedding for the bishop. I've always wanted to see a person who only moves diagonally.", "I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.", "Menstrual jokes are not funny. Period.", "I had to take the batteries out of the carbon monoxide detector last night. The loud beeping was giving me a headache and made me feel dizzy", "If a blind prostitute tells you that you're hung, she's probably pulling your leg. ", "If you smacked a kid in the face with a bottle of Johnson's no more tears, would it create beautiful irony ? ", "BREAKING NEWS: Pokemon Go player arrested for possession of CP. ", "What kind of light must you switch on with your leg? A knee-on.", "How can you tell if a girl is ticklish? Give her a test-tickle.", "If you had wings, would you be a special at KFC? ", "My girlfriend admitted I was not the only one, but she rarely goes below a seven. ", "Growing up I always wanted to be a comedian, now I'm a custodian, Turns out I'm also dyslexic. ", "Latin is so superficial! ", "\"...aside from THAT, Ms. Lincoln, how was the play?\" ", "Nothing is worn underneath my kilt, it\u2019s all in perfect working order. ", "Dolly Parton is 73, and I would smash harder than she first smashed the ballot when she was finally allowed to vote ", "That Mexican train murderer had some loco motives. ", "I was masturbating when I heard you call for help, so I came as fast as I could. ", "I stayed up all night trying to remember, the difference between insomnia and amnesia. ", "People who live in stone houses, shouldn't throw glasses. ", "Serial killers love the sound of a mans laughter. ", "I dont know how to improv so ill have to figure it out at the time ", "If you're drinking to forget, please pay in advance ", "Incorrectly is always spelt Incorrectly, unless it's spelt incorrectly. ", "Will Smith really looks like that guy from Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.", "My grandfather is hard of hearing. He needs to read lips. I don\u2019t mind him reading lips, but he uses one of those yellow highlighters.", "So I was fucking an entrepreneur on my chaise lounge, pardon my french... [deleted]", "Ceiling Fan One Liners I'm dressing up as a 'ceiling fan' for a Zoom party later on today, I want your best ceiling/ceiling fan puns, GO!", "I hate being bipolar, it's amazing.", "Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie? Because he was too far out man!", "It would be hard to replace any of the characters in Love Actually, I can't de-nighy ", "My wife has left me because she says I keep treating her like a pet. She'll be back when she's hungry.", "Why do people want dollars to grow on trees? They're made from trees people.", "Being gay before the invention of lube must have been a pain in the ass. ", "Why don't seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they would be called bagels!", "You never know when God's gonna take away your hair. ", "I tried to join an orchestra, but it seems I'm band for life ", "These days it is better to fart loudly on a crowded bus than to cough silently ", "Bisexual: The ability to reach down someone's pants and be satisfied with whatever you find.", "The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. ", "__________ ", "You know that tingly feeling you get when you like someone? That's common sense leaving your body.", "My New Year's revolution is to proofread more. ", "I really need to stop talking to my cat. Right meow.", "Don't knock masturbation - it's sex with someone I love \\- Woody Allen", "I asked my friend which member of the clergy he would bang, he said nun. [deleted]", "Went to a fancy dress party last night dressed as a loaf of bread. The birds were all over me.", "My wife said she wanted to get 10 inches tonight and to make it hurt; I fucked her 5 times and punched her in the mouth. ", "We've been trying to think of some vegetable jokes. If you can think of any, lettuce know.", "What do you call an Alien who eats too much cheese, egg yolks and animal fat? An extra-cholesterol.", "\"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take\"...is terrible advice for a recovering alcoholic.", "They say 5 out of 4 people have problems with fractions.", "What do call a woman with a tortoise on her back? Shelley", "Time flies like an arrow, Fruit Flies likes bananas. ", "My teacher asked me to submit a 1,000 word essay, but I couldn\u2019t be bothered, so I handed in a picture instead. ", "How do you keep an elephant from charging? Take away his credit card.", "Wouldn\u2019t mind a black hole entering the solar system, my life sucks anyways. ", "My wife asked me to pass the lip balm, but I gave her the superglue instead. She's not talking to me now.", "My girlfriend is getting pretty angry that I never put the toilet seat down! To be fair I am getting tired of carrying it around!", "Did the first spider know what he was doing, or was he just pulling it out of his ass? ", "The second time I was late I apologized for being re-tardy ", "I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it. ", "The Little Mermaid wears seashells because she outgrew her B shells. ", "If a scientist is sick and you can't helium or curium, you might as well barium. ", "Corn-based agriculture is a-maize-ing ", "Give a man a fish and he'll eat for a day. Give him jellyfish and you can pee on him. ", "You can say whatever you want about deaf people [deleted]", "Santa Clause Little Joey wrote to santa \u201cgive me a sister\u201d. Santa wrote back \u201cgive me your mother\u201d.", "I like my women how I like my bicycles. Chained up in the garage and two tired for movement.", "There's no need for women to behave the way they do on their period. It's an ovary action.", "What sort of an animal would laugh at vet jokes? None! Animals don't laugh. ", "Freddy Krueger is so dreamy! ", "Got a new aftershave called bread crumbs! The birds love it!!", "If I hit Myself and it hurts, am I weak or Strong? [removed]", "I wanted to be a plumber but now I realize it's just a pipe dream ", "If Humpty Dumpty happened on Christmas, would he have hurt his egg-noggin? ", "Alerted boss I was out with a stomach bug, apologized for any incontinence it might cause the team in advance. ", "If there's one thing I can't comprehend, it's common sense.", "An egg salad sandwich is just a chicken salad sandwich that is really underdone. ", "Atheism is a non prophet organization ", "When a man gives his wife flowers for no reason, there's a reason.", "How do you make a cat flap? Throw it off a cliff.", "Prepositions are not words to end sentences with.", "What did the fish say when he swam into a wall? Dam", "I make apocalypse jokes like there's no tomorrow. ", "I can\u2019t stand intolerant people ", "Notorious for stealing office supplies, my co-worker has been dubbed the Rubber Bandit. [deleted]", "Two barbecue inventors met on the highway for a burn off. [deleted]", "Two sausages in a frying pan, one says to the other: \"bloody hell it's hot in here\". The other says \"OMG, A talking sausage!\"", "I'm going to buy some velcro for my shoes instead of laces. Why knot?", "I tried to remember the name of that new movie with Pennywise the clown, but It escaped me. [removed]", "Unicorns aren't extinct - they just gained weight and are now called rhinos", "Modern Warfare 3: The ultimate form of birth control.", "Some people's sole purpose in life is to serve as a warning to others. ", "What is the least spoken language? Sign Language. ", "What does a Russian use to wipe his mouth? A soviet. ", "Driving with one headlight isn't very bright. ", "Neil Diamond used to be called Neil Coal...until the pressure got to him. ", "What do you call a woodpecker with no beak? A headbanger.", "My girlfriend once asked me what turned me on: her sexy body or pretty face, I replied' your sense of humor'", "Every time I ask someone what the acronym LGBTQ stands for, I can never get a straight answer. ", "If you rearrange the letters of POSTMEN they get really pissed off. ", "The only way you\u2019ll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken\u2019s ass and wait ", "My\u00a0Boss\u00a0stormed up to me in the office today and said \"You missed work yesterday, didn't you?\" \"Not particularly,\" I replied.", "How come when it\u2019s us, it\u2019s an abortion, and when it\u2019s a chicken, it\u2019s an omelette? ", "Kurt Cobain Was staring at himself in the mirror holding a gun, questioning life. The answer blew his mind ", "I thought I had road rage but it turns out I'm just an angry drunk ", "Why were the Aggies pushing their house down the street? They were trying to jump-start the furnace.", "I've bought the wife a transparent bath. It'll save me a fortune on taking the kids to Sea World.", "I made a bicycle just by folding up some paper. It's a stationary bike. ", "Join The Army, Visit exotic places, meet strange people, then kill them.", "I once dated a girl who had a parrot.\n\nDang thing would never shut up.\n\nBird was cool though.", "I don't \u306e any japanese characters. ", "Last week I went to see the foot doctor, I took out my willy and the doctor said \"that's not a foot!\" I said\"I know, but it's a good 11 inches\"", "My dad just came first in a drag race. I had no idea a man could run so fast in a cocktail dress and high heels!", "After many years of trying to find steady work, I finally got a job as a historian until I realized there was no future in it. ", "Men kneel whilst proposing, because they are talking to the pussy !! ", "Movies Arya or Arya not a fan of game of thrones?", "Some girl yelled at me ' you're so hot!!' today on the street. Dont believe me? Ask Brad Pitt, he was Standing Right behind me.", "I\u2019m always confusing incense with insect. Last week I meant to meditate and woke up next to my cousin ", "Got out of the shower and my\u00a0wife\u00a0said \"Look, its like a penis, only smaller\". I said \"Look, its like my secretary, only fatter and less flexible\".", "Anyone that wouldn't hire Jennifer Aniston because of her work on Friends is guilty of Rachel profiling. ", "The easiest way to tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile, is to pay attention to who who you see later, and who you see in a while. ", "The things that come to those who wait, may be the things left by those who got there first.", "So many people get sick during Oktoberfest because it's Germanfested. ", "How often is it appropriate to make chemistry jokes? I say periodically.", "If you lend someone \u00a325 and never see them again, it was probably worth it. ", "Some mornings I wake up bitchy. Other mornings I just let her sleep...", "Dyslexic Dwarves: They're not big and they're not clever ", "Let us be thankful for fools. But for them the rest of us could not succeed.", "Stevie wonder has a net worth of 110 million, even he agrees that\u2019s a lot of money, but he claims he doesn\u2019t see any of it. ", "I'm worried something might be wrong with my testicles because one seems bigger than the others. ", "Enjoyed the wii-kend. Have I even blinked?", "When a recipe asks for crushed ice, I tell the cubes they'll never amount to anything.", "The best place to hide a dead body is page 2 of Google search results. ", "I brought a blunt with me hiking, i was as high as a mountain! ", "What did the French man say when he tripped down the stairs? \"Eiffel.\"", "The only time you would ever would want to wear a vegetable costume is in a gladiator stadium full of carnivores", "How do you blindfold an Asian woman? Put a windshield in front of her.", "Why don't they have gambling in Africa? There are too many cheetahs.", "The O's in \"monotonous\" are quite monotonous. ", "My friend told me he had to be at the doctor's for 2:30, I said screw the doctor you need a dentist ", "I'm so bad at relationships even my bag for life left me.", "Yo mama is so stupid, it took her two hours to watch 60 minutes.", "After Johnny Carson said that UFO comes from U... F.O. I wasn't sure it would work as a one-liner anymore. ", "Why don't cannibals eat divorced women? They're bitter.", "Why should you never date a tennis player? cause love means nothing to them.", "Iron Man is a superhero. Iron Woman is a command.", "Shakespeare made many plays on words but he had no plays on words. ", "I hate pain, unless it's French ", "Being gay is a pain in the ass ", "The cabin couldn't move anymore because it got lodged ", "I tried shoplifting once... but the shop was too heavy. ", "A good elevator joke works on multiple levels. ", "I wondered why the guy next to me was sitting in the Urinal, then he told me he had Diarrhea. ", "Bitches be like: I'm a entreprenour that figure out how to make a lot of profit with something I love to do I be like: wow", "I often worry that mankind is going to start world war 3 solely because we enjoy trilogies.", "If my wife was eye candy, she'd be raisinettes. [deleted]", "My poor knowledge of greek mythology has always been my achilles elbow ", "What is the difference between Santa Claus and Tiger Woods? Santa stops at 3 ho's!", "Ever since my beak transplant, I've had a fowl mouth. ", "I set a date with some corn but it flaked ", "C-3PO is the gold standard of protocol droids. ", "- How can you tell a Head nurse?  The one with dirty knees", "If you are going to send someone to save the world, make sure they like it the way it is.", "I'm about to have a cup of dangerous coffee. Safe tea first though.", "There are three kinds of people in this world, those who are good at math and those who aren't. ", "I pulled a proper fit bird Saturday night! Part Mexican and right up for it. She told me she was dyslexic. I said get your taco, you've pulled!", "to this day, the boys at that used to bully me and take my lunch money still does. on the plus side, he makes great Subway sandwiches.", "Two guys at the gym, one is putting on frilly knickers. \"Since when do you wear womens pants?\" \"Since my\u00a0wife\u00a0found them in the glovebox!\"", "What's the definition of a will? Come on, guys. The answer's a dead giveaway. ", "I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you. ", "They met in cooking class...it was boil meets grill ", "Accidents crappen ", "Everything is okay in moderation, except things that kill you the first time. ", "Don't worry, Mayans. If you get it wrong, it's not the end of the world.", "I would take a bullet for anybody, unless it was shot out of a gun.", "Thanos attends Slam Poetry Night ", "Why was the little ink blot so unhappy? Because his mother was in the pen, and they didn't know how long the sentence would be. ", "If the customer is always right, then why isn\u2019t everything free? ", "Double standard, if a woman sleeps with 10 men they call her a slut, if a man does the same thing he's gay, definitely gay. ", "\"Socrates died from an overdose of wedlock.\"", "Help me I need a bio that is reasonably funny (a decent exhale from the nostrils is good enough) please can someone comment some one-liners that I can use?", "What do you call a woman sat under a cow? Pat.", "I thought hopscotch was just a really hard sudoku. [deleted]", "They say a picture is worth a thousand words, but if your word ain't worth a dime, that puts an upper bound on your picture of $100. ", "If you want to make your wife crazy, don't talk in your sleep, just smile. ", "My sex doll and I have been together for exactly a year today. To celebrate our anniversary, I decided to get her a book: Sex tips for Dummies", "My Doctor told me that the first sign of AIDS is a severe pounding in the Rectum. ", "How do you make a woman blind? Put a windshield in front of her.", "Did you hear about the scarecrow that won a Nobel Prize for being outstanding in his field?", "Never trust an atom, they make up everything. ", "What do you call a snowman with a suntan? A puddle.", "Why can't you fool an aborted baby? Because it wasn't born yesterday.", "My fat psychic friend is a four chin teller. ", "I met a one-legged woman outside of a club the other day...she was a bouncer. ", "The inventor of predictive text has died. His funfair will be hello on Sundial.", "I needed a password that was eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the seven dwarfs.", "I stuck my head out the window while driving and got arrested for mooning..", "Paedophiles are fucking immature assholes. ", "I have sexdaily or is it dyslexia? ", "If a stork brings white babies, and a blackbird black babies, what bird brings no babies? A Swallow.", "Do you ever wonder if middle school PE teachers hang around major protests to collect the beanbags the police fire at protesters? ", "Whats the difference between you and a calendar? A calendar has dates.", "Praying for Sin City ", "Anyone else able to tie rope using telekinesis? Thought knot. ", "It's hard not to dwell on a pronoun, if you stop and think about it. ", "Murder is a form of over-kill. ", "I was hit in the head by a soda can, but I'll be okay, because it was a soft drink. ", "Giraffes are the cockiest beings I've ever met, do you know how long it takes for them to swallow their pride?", "I used to date a girl with one leg who worked at a brewery. She was in charge of the hops.", "I took my dog to the vet because he was losing hair on his head and apparently, he's got male patting baldness. ", "I like to think that the beep on a life support machine is actually a censoring of my heart saying \"fuck\". [deleted]", "What's red, white, blue and green? A seasick Uncle Sam!", "A ninja deals with fear by giving it to others. ", "Finding a 'needle in a haystack' is quite easy, if you set the hay on fire. ", "A boy sent a letter to Santa Claus, \"Please send me a sister.\" Santa wrote him a letter back that read \"Ok, send me your mother.\" ", "New born baby has more friends than it thinks on social media site. ", "Testosterone and estrogen are genderfluid ", "I was into necrophilia, bestiality, and S&amp;M - until I realized I was just beating a dead horse. ", "Our dog really digs our new backyard. ", "Two sausages in a frying pan. One says \"it's hot in here!\" The other says \"bugger me a talking sausage!!\"", "I was on a plane and the air hostess said, \"Want some headphones?\" I said, \"Blimey. How'd you guess that my name is Phones?\"", "I'm so awesome I don't even know how awesome I am ", "It takes a lot of balls to play golf the way I do.", "I know I'm getting old because I worry when I feel too &lt;i&gt;good&lt;/i&gt;. ", "I'm taking a Chinese class, I'm guessing the room will be full of characters. ", "Bungee jumping has its ups and downs. ", "It's hard to be a glass half full kind of guy when you're trying to become a professional beer chugger. ", "This girl came up to me and said she recognised me from vegetarian club. I was confused, I'd never met herbivore.", "When my wife accused me of being way too self-important, I nearly fell off my throne. ", "My rice got wet, so I put it in a bowl of rice. [deleted]", "Never been a fan of lollipop men, they make me cross. ", "I have a phobia of trampolines, I can't help it they always make me jump.", "The girl I lost my virginity to was retarded. I wanted my first time to be special.", "The world hide and seek champion said it was his intention to get married next year, but his perfect woman would be hard to find. ", "My boss:Ive noticed u nodding off during meetings recently.r u getting enough sleep?\nMe:Not really,the meetings are a lot shorter these days", "The world is my oyster, even a little bit makes me want to throw up ", "I have a joke about dramatic irony, I just can't tell you. [deleted]", "I once fucked a pig and it squealed on me. ", "Beer doesn't make you FAT, it makes you LEAN....Against walls, tables, chairs, floors, and ugly people.", "I'm addicted to having money in the bank. I really do suffer from withdrawals.", "When someone says rona, I hear sketti and butter. ", "My new girlfriend lets me lick anything off her! Butter, jam, cheese, you name it she lets me lick it off her. She's a cracker.", "Disney owns Star Wars, Marvel, Indiana Jones, Disney World, The Simpsons and if they acquire my parent\u2019s divorce, they will own my entire childhood. ", "What's the worst animal to play cards with? A cheetah. Because it'll rip your face off.", "Many a priest has an altar ego. ", "Reincarnation is basically social mobility after death. ", "After Thanksgiving, you need to quit eating leftovers; cold turkey. ", "Kyle Rittenhouse was going to speak at the RNC tonight, but he's already been booked. ", "I've got a perfect chicken proof garden. It's impeccable", "I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. Not sure what they're laced with, but I've been tripping all day. ", "My wife is \"like a plunger\" when she gets drunk. She likes to bring up old shit.", "To quit smoking, I only smoke after every meal. I am down to 40 meals a day. ", "I've not slept for 4 days, because that'd be too long by Mitch Hedberg", "Eating more than 229 peices of candy will make tooth hurty. ", "My toilet is full of it. He's always loaded with crap.", "I tried to take my detachable ass to prison with me but they don't allow donkeys ", "Polaroids: what polar bears get from sitting on the ice.", "I must have a nice butt, because every time I turn around, I hear people whisper \"What an ass.\" ", "If you divorce a woman in Tennessee, is she still your cousin? ", "I\u2019ve started being a model for a silhouette drawing class, but I don\u2019t like their drawings, they always seem to show my dark side. ", "When my mate gave me a leaflet about anger management..I lost it.", "I tried tying my shoes today. I could knot. ", "Statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarves are not happy. ", "I hate electrical pulses, they get on my nerves ", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Dismay. Dismay who? Dismay be a bad joke but I think it's funny.", "Make like a preacher and get the hell out of here ", "The main ingredient in hand sanitizer is paranoia.", "I asked my friend if I could borrow his chloroform, he said \u201cknock yourself out\u201d ", "Did you hear about the terrible accident at Spaghetti Junction? Twelve people were injured, and three pastaway.", "Where do birds meet for coffee? Nest-cafe", "If you run in front of a car you'll get tired...But if you run behind the car you'll get exhausted ", "When it comes to studying boxing, I\u2019ve been known to hit the books. ", "D.A.M.N. - Naked Mothers Against Dyslexia", "If laziness was an Olympic sport, I'd probably come in fourth so I wouldn't need to walk up to the podium. ", "I still miss my ex-girlfriend, but my aim is improving", "Life and Limbo start with the same letters. [removed]", "Bought myself a universal remote control last night. This could change everything..", "There are two types of people, those that pick their nose with their pinky and those that use their index finger. ", "A recent study has found that people who create original oneliners get more upvotes than the people who repost it. ", "What do you do if a blonde throws you a grenade? Pull the pin and throw it back.", "When someone says. \"It tastes like crap.\" ....how do they know?", "jesus came back cuz he hadnt used the bathroom in 2000+ years ", "If you love someone, set them free. If they flap their wings and fly away, it's a bird. You were in love with a bird. ", "I was addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around. ", "She made my dick harder than Superman's kneecap. ", "Everyone wants the most bang for their buck, especially thrifty folks that enjoy prostitutes. [deleted]", "I used to think that getting dumped is the worst feeling in the world until last night when a 5 GB download failed at 99%.", "I think telepaths are out of their minds. ", "There\u2019s a new and really popular apartment complex called Oedipus; everyone and their mother is moving there. ", "Passionate kiss, like the spider web, leads to undoing of fly ", "My girlfriend wanted perfume and jewellery for her birthday, but I got her a chocolate egg and a toy instead. She was kinder surprised.", "Don't fart in the apple store. They don't have Windows", "I picked up a hitch hiker. You've got to when you hit them.", "That awkward moment when your sentence doesn't end the way you octopus.", "A newsman reported back on the ginger convention, \"There wasn't a single soul in attendance.\" [deleted]", "I was afraid to draw a picture of a horn because I didn't want to blow it. ", "If computers had feelings, would we have to be pc about everything? ", "I was fired from the keyboard factory today because I wasn\u2019t putting in enough shifts. ", "I hired a private investigator but all he did was sit around staring at my hedge. Then I found out he was a privet investigator. ", "I've always wanted to be a doctor, but I've never had the patience.", "I like my women like I like my coffee. Hot and all over my crotch.", "For all the things done in its name, Love should complain more about identity theft.", "I never takes rocks and minerals for Granite ", "My teacher said me had bad grammar ", "Joke's on her, my fetish is fake orgasms. ", "I've always wanted a swimmers body, so I go to the swimming pool everyday.....But no one ever dies. ", "I'm a confident driver - confident that I'm going to hit something. ", "I never had an original thought too ", "When I bought some fruit trees, the nursery owner gave me some insects to help with the pollination - they were free bees. ", "The best cure for sea sickness is to sit under a tree. ", "Santa doesn\u2019t have kids because he only comes once a year, and then it\u2019s down the chimney ", "Icescapee: The ice cube that ends up on the floor when you break a new tray of ice.", "Do women shake the gas pump after filling up, or is it just a man thing? ", "My circumcision was so rough that I didn't talk until years later. ", "Abortions are so fun. It really brings out the kid in you", "I saw an ad that said, \u201cTelevision for sale, $1, volume stuck on full\u201d and I thought to myself, \u201cI can\u2019t turn that down!\" ", "Something about subtraction just doesn't add up. ", "I haven't slept for 10 days because that would be too long. ", "When the police arrest a deaf-mute, do they have to tell him he has the right to remain silent? ", "I have a friend named Charlie Nguyen, but we call him VietKong for short. ", "I used to be indecisive but now I'm not so sure [deleted]", "I was named after my grandfather, chronologically. [deleted]", "Hot-air ballooning - at first it's quite uplifting, but in the end it's a bit of a let-down. [deleted]", "The inventor of the crossword puzzle lives near me, he's three streets across and two down. ", "The average grade in marine biology should always be below sea-level. ", "Does anyone else have one of those early mornings where you just don't want to wake up and then you crash your bus? ", "lThe funniest thing about this message is that by the time you realize it doesn't say anything you its too late for you to stop reading it.", "The amount of people who confuse 'to' and 'too' is amazing two me.", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Hawaii. Hawaii who? I'm fine thank you Hawaii you?", "I'm not a racist, I love everyone, whether you're black, yellow, red, brown, or normal! ", "Just been threatened by my housemate for stealing his clothes. I nearly shit his pants.", "I encountered a guy at the lake who was really excited about fishing, but I didn\u2019t see the lure. ", "People like to talk smack about American politicians, but the truth is, we have the politicians that money can buy. ", "How do we know the toothbrush was invented in Alabama? If it had been invented anywhere else, it would be called a teethbrush. ", "What's a Jewish dilemma? Free Ham.", "Only 20 pounds more to go of my 10 pound weight loss goal! ", "Only dudes with a giant penis can upvote this. ", "God agreed not to watch me in the bathroom so thats where I keep my severed heads ", "A juggler is just a schizophrenic playing catch.", "I saw this wino lying in a gutter eating grapes, I was like, \"bro, you have to wait.\"", "humour My girlfriend keeps going on about robbie williams and gary barlow Ive had enough   i cant  take that !", "Jesus is the only man I get on my knees for ", "Drive defensively - buy a tank.", "Don't eat animal crackers if the seal is broken ", "I've tried every way possible to write the perfect joke about confirmation bias [removed]", "you know how i can tell that you like it when i shine this torch in your eyes? your whole face lights up. ", "I got lost in a corn maze and spent the rest of the day waking around in crop circles. ", "I see someone is selling all their dogging gear on eBay. There's no buyers but I've noticed that there's 126 watchers!", "I'm a freak in bed cuz I sleep 2 hours 4 times a day ", "Someone complimented me on my driving by leaving a note under my wiper which said \"Parking Fine\" ", "How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb? None, the bulb will change itself when its ready.", "Keeping your shit together is game of ultimate constipation. ", "When I grow up I want to be a midget ", "Meanwhile, villagers in Punjab are still wondering who the hell is Soshal Distan Singh. ", "The flipside of contagious gum disease is an infectious smile. ", "I like to live on the edge of danger, just not to cross it [deleted]", "I think that to counteract shoplifting, stores have rigged their scanners to automatically mark up the price that was on the shelf.", "Thought we had the mummy situation under wraps. ", "If robbers ever broke into my house and searched for money, I'd just laugh and search with them.", "When someone tells me I look familiar, I tell them, \"I do porn.\" ", "Have you heard about those new alphabet hand grenades? If one of those goes off it could spell 'disaster'", "What's the difference between a 'hippo' and a 'Zippo'? One's really heavy, and the other's a little lighter.", "Support bacteria- they\u2019re the only culture some people have ", "I got expelled from pajama day at school today...It wasn't my fault I sleep naked ", "Just saw a politician trying to save both faces.", "My wife gave me a brochure on anger management the other day. I lost it.", "If I won the award for laziness, I would send somebody to pick it up for me. ", "I had a wonderful childhood, which is tough because it\u2019s hard to adjust to a miserable adulthood. ", "I accidentally stood on a termite, it must've been antagonizing for his family. ", "Despite the high cost of living, it still remains popular ", "Just rolled into town... ", "Anything not made by God is made in China.", "When a pirate loses their job, do they get the hook? ", "My boss said he's going to fire the employee with the worst posture. I've got a hunch it might be me.", "I've spent weeks studying the periodic table and I still can't find the element of surprise &amp;#x200B;", "What did the kid with no hands get for Christmas?\n\nGloves.\n\nJust kidding, he hasn't gotten the box open yet.", "My girlfriend bakes a mean homemade pretzel, but with a twist. ", "I don't have time to hate people for their skin color cuz there's so many other reasons to hate them I must get to first ", "You'll never know if you're immortal or not until you die. ", "Iron Man is technically a FEmale. ", "Did you hear about the blind pornstar getting a money shot? She didn't see it coming", "I'm not as think as you drunk I am.", "The largest unisex toilet in the world is the pool ", "pyrex was the most oven-safe dinosaur ", "i miss all the absent father jokes people used to make. when are they coming back? ", "I dont always roll a joint, but when I do its usually my ankle ", "Why did the traffic light turn red? You'd turn red too if you had to change in the street. ", "Those Harvard training aircraft from WWII had the nasty tendency to vibrate your fillings loose, but on the plus side they outperformed Head &amp; Shoulders. ", "The explosion in Legoland was heard for 50 square blocks ", "So a blind man walks into a bar [deleted]", "So my girlfriend asked me for something that could go\nFrom 0-200 in 5 seconds. I gave her a bathroom scale.", "Cleavage is the only thing that you can look down on and approve of at the same time. ", "How do you get down off an elephant? You don't. You get down off a goose.  ", "What do you call a man in a pile of leaves? Russell", "Liar Liar, May your hind be on pyre. ", "My girl caught me blowing my dick with the air dryer, and asked what I was doing. Apparently, \"Heating your dinner\" wasn't a good answer.", "Why is twelve an unfair number? Because it's two against one.", "Roses are Red, Violets are blue. Its Time to Elect, a Socialist Jew. ", "How did the prawn meet his girlfriend? On the net.", "Julian Assange is free. ", "There is a new apartment called the Oedipus Complex, everyone and their mom is moving there. ", "Sometimes I feel like throwing my hands up in the air! But then I think, how would I catch them?", "Why do you play with my heart, when I bought you a Gameboy? ", "Dear Autocorrect, Absolutely no one uses the word 'ducking' absolutely no one. ", "You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice. ", "Skool daze ver gr8 ", "A \u201cline\u201d is defined as the shortest distance from point A to point B. Any midget joke counts. ", "Why can't the human ear detect a dog's whistle? Because dogs can't whistle.", "I haven't had a single drink today, they've all been doubles. ", "If underage sex is rape cuz they cant consent to sex, then a legal execution is suicide cuz they cant consent to live. ", "Learn to spell, kids. Auto Correct isn't always write.", "When my employer asked if I had a criminal record I guess \"highest number of robberies in an hour\" wasn't the answer he was looking for.", "What do cannibals like to drink in the morning? Bloody Mary", "What's the temperature in Motown right now? Three degrees, four tops.", "I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I\u2019ve never looked back since. ", "I used to feel that the bottom has dropped from my world, but after a few of Dr. William's Pink Pills for Pale People, it felt like the world had dropped from my bottom. ", "This pen that I stole from the bank is off the chain... ", "Who is Eve and why does everyone wish them a merry Christmas? ", "If steroids are illegal for athletes, Photoshop should be for models.", "No Brag... Just Fact If there is Booger on the Blanket I will Find It [removed]", "Please stop calling us your \u201csquad,\u201d Linda; this is book club. ", "I am afraid of Santa-- I must be claustrophobic", "I hate it when i see an old person and then realize i went to high school with them. ", "Pepsi tastes like soap. ", "Marriage is like a deck of cards. In the beginning all you need is two hearts and a diamond. By the end you wish you had a club and spade.", "Why all the fuss about gay rights, when there must be so many more gay lefts out there? ", "Two friends walked into a bar, but I ducked ", "Avoiding dark souls comparisons is the dark souls of discussing video games ", "I got my wife the leg off a mannequin for Christmas. It's not her main present..just a stocking filler", "I signed up for my company's 401K but I don't think I can run that far Credit: Norm MacDonald", "On a scale of 0 to 1, how binary are you? ", "Did anyone wake green day up?", "Democracy is non negotiable ", "To the man on crutches, dressed in camouflage, who stole my wallet - you can hide, but you can't run. ", "\u041c\u0443_r\u0435\u0430l_st\u043er\u0443_\u0430b\u043eut_S\u0435\u0445_with_3_diff\u0435r\u0435nt_girls_f\u043er_1_m\u043enth [removed]", "Why did the blind fly starve to death? Because he couldn't see shit.", "I like to call in sick to places I don't work. Tomorrow I'm getting written up at Wal-Mart. ", "How do you make a squirrel cry? Pinch it's nuts.", "A dentist and a manicurist had a terrible fight. It was tooth and nail.", "The guy who was cut off at the ankles felt pretty defeeted. ", "Fable: a story told by a teenager arriving home three hours after curfew.", "I was in the park wondering why frisbees appear bigger the closer they are. Then it hit me \n", "If the queen had balls, she\u2019d be the king. ", "I just got a Scottish sheep dog from the pound, but sadly my wife can't see it..She's collie blind.", "Went to a swinger's party last night in my army uniform. Had to leave my khakis in the bowl.", "What do trees take when they have a headache? Aleve. ", "I agreed when my mom called me a son of a bitch. ", "Did you hear about the dumb woodworm?He was found dead inside a house brick.", "They say hindsight is 2020, but I never saw this coming! ", "Tequila, Schnapps, Sambuca ...I'm calling the shots! ", "Who's the coolest guy at the hospital? The ultrasound guy! But what about when he's not there? The hip replacement guy!", "I was going to make a joke about free will but someone told me not to. ", "Why couldn't the sesame seed leave the casino? Because he was on a roll.", "I put myself in a large cardboard box and called FedEx while thinking \"I'm gonna totally ship myself if this works.\" ", "Here\u2019s another question I have. How come when it\u2019s us, it\u2019s an abortion, and when it\u2019s a chicken, it\u2019s an omelette? [deleted]", "My friend couldn\u2019t afford their water bill so I sent them a get well card. ", "So it turns out that 'harder' was a bad choice of safeword. ", "What did Earth say to the other planets? Wow, you guys have no life.", "A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop. ", "My girlfriend told me that she loves when I blow air on her when shes hot but honestly, I\u2019m not a fan. ", "I did nothing wrong, and I promise never to do it again. ", "My COVID-19 is the most weight I\u2019ve gained since my Freshman 15. ", "\"What do we want?\" \"A cure for Tourettes\" \"When do we want it?\" \"Cunts!\"", "Tragically, I lost sight in one eye; went to the optometrist, and was relieved to find out I still have perfect 20 vision! ", "Caved a car door in yesterday after tripping in a narrow walkway with my wood chopping implement in hand.. AxeyDentAlley ofcourse. ", "Who is the smallest man mentioned in the New Testament? Peter. (He slept on his watch)", "Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die. ", "Two boy silkworms pursued a luscious girl silkworm. They ended up in a tie.", "How comes all the winners of Miss Universe are from earth ? ", "privacy is the root of all evil, but isnt evil great ", "Just had a steering wheel removed from my penis. It was driving me nuts.", "I really want to buy one of these grocery checkout dividers but the lady keeps putting it back. ", "Dogs can't see under your skin, but catscan. ", "Imagine being so fucking ignorant that you'd ignore a person's gender, ethnicity or sexual preference and just treat them the same as everyone else. ", "How come that the word 'short' is actually longer than the word 'long'? ", "What's ET short for? Cos he's only got little legs.", "In a thousand or so years, archaeologists are going to dig up tanning beds and think we cooked people as punishment. ", "When a dead comedian releases an album, it's released post-humorously. ", "A man gets the words \"I LOVE YOU\" tattooed on his penis. His wife tells him \"Quit putting words in my mouth!\"", "What do you call a poor Italian neighborhood? A speghetto. ", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Radio. Radio who? Radio not, here I come!", "Every Scooby-Doo episode would literally be two minutes long if the gang went to the mask store first and asked a few questions. ", "The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait ", "The label on my biscuits said \"Store in a cool place \"So I mailed them to Samuel L Jackson's house.", "I think that when Barnum and Bailey\u2019s circus closed, all the clowns got in their car, and went to Washington DC to get new jobs. ", "My mate's been offered a job in North Korea. He's going to take it, but I think it's a bad Korea move.", "Anyone know how long it takes this Axe body spray to get you swarms of girls? I've been drinking this stuff for weeks now.", "I'll be fine if I hit the jackpot twice. ", "I knew I was drunk after the bouncer put the breathalyser in my mouth and said \"Blow\". ...and I looked at him and asked, \"What? Where? I could do with a few lines.\"", "Insanity is hereditary, - You get it from your children.", "You will spend 1/7th of your life on a Tuesday. [removed]", "The tongue weighs practically nothing, but only a few people can hold it.", "Did Jesus ever get drunk? Not sure, but I heard he got hammered once.", "My wife said that I'll find any excuse to drink. Speaking of beer...", "I'm unstoppable, I just can't seem to get started.", "Condoms are for fucking pussies! ", "My wife says we need to work hard on our relationship because of my immaturity. Hehe, she said hardon.", "My girlfriend peed her pants and asked me if she was still beautiful. I told her, \"urinate out of ten.\"", "My computer just beat me at chess. Beat its ass at kickboxing though..", "Sweatsocks are just turtlenecks for your feet. ", "I went bobsleighing last night. I killed 15 people called Bob.", "Why are there more Democrats than Republicans? Who wants a piece of elephant!", "Did you know that banana peels are supposed to be put under the controlled substance act because they can give you bad trips. ", "What's the difference between a mistress and a wife? About 30 pounds.", "When I went to the urologist he said I had to go.", "Lisa Kudrow [removed]", "Just bought an amazing stereo that's made of cake. It's a gateaux blaster.", "A man asks a trainer in the gym: \u201cI want 2 impress that beautiful girl, which machine I can use?\u201d Trainer replies: \u201cUse the ATM\u201d ", "To ensure equal representation, Joe Biden promises to choose a sane person as his running mate ", "When I won the Nobel prize for inventing cloning, I was beside myself. ", "I'm always right - I thought I was wrong once, but it turned out I was mistaken. ", "My clever friend said that onions are the only food that can make you cry. So I threw a coconut in his face.", "People who use the word \"onomatopoeia\" make me go zzzzzzzzzzzz. ", "Earl Grey had trouble climbing the hill because it was too steep. ", "If you rearrange the letters of \u201cpostmen\u201d, they get really pissed off. ", "When I get mad I count down from ten out loud. I was arrested, the cops mistook me for a bomb.", "I was at a loss for words when I dropped my alphabet soup. ", "I've decided to take the day off today. From now on it will simply be known as 'To'", "Some people will lie about knowing someone famous. At least that is what my close personal friend Steve Martin told me. ", "What do you call a Mexican who likes little kids? A Pedro phile", "Slaves should go to college, to pick up their master's degree. ", "A butt load of something really isn\u2019t that much. ", "My family treats me as though I\u2019m a god, ignoring my existence until they need something. ", "I threw my electronic maths device at a criminal, which was a calculated risk. ", "Anyone know where I can find a compass? ", "Just bought a new 4D TV, it comes with integration of heat,cold,wet, wind, and different aromas. It's 6' by 4'. Its called a window.", "Whenever I see a sign that says 'keep off the grass'. I wonder how it got there.", "I am the most pleasant person you'll ever meet. Until you wake me.", "How can Congress trim the fat from Federal spending? By switching to lo-cal government.", "You're old enough to remember when emojis were called \"hieroglyphics.\" ", "Irony: working for an aluminum company and getting canned.", "I waited for my wife to leave then went upstairs and slipped on a pair of her knickers. I wish she wouldn't leave them lying around like that.", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Alex. Alex who? Alex the questions around here!", "Just because no one complains, doesn\u2019t mean all parachutes are perfect. ", "lJoin the Army, meet interesting people, kill them.", "Why don't Mexicans barbeque?  Because the beans slip through the grill", "In a fight, I can beat anybody with one hand.. The guys with two hands are always more difficult though.", "My landlord said \"Your obsession with cats is out of control and I can't handle it anymore!\" I cried \"What... You're kicking Meeeeowt?\"", "I'm giving up the grass and going straight hedge. ", "I can't count how many times i failed math. ", "I know a guy who's in denial about his addiction to brake fluid. He says he can stop at any time.", "I bought camouflage seat covers so it looks like I\u2019m doing squats when I drive. ", "Yesterday I found out that my toaster isn't waterproof. I was shocked.", "What was Spiderman's major in college? Web Design", "Halloween is the night of whores [deleted]", "The most common surname In China is Chang, correct me if you think that's Wong.", "I have my friends epi-pen, in his dying moments it seemed very important to him that I have it ", "Why was Han Solo so suspicious when he put his penis inside Princess Leia for the first time? Because it was Luke warm.", "There are only 3 things that tell the truth: 1 - Young Children 2 - Drunks 3 - Leggings", "Endothermic reactions are pretty cool ", "You think you're in love with a girl from New Delhi until you find out she's really not that India. ", "My wife calls me Santa Claus because I only come once a year ", "I opened a joint account today... At the weed dispensary ", "\"Scratch the hand that feeds,\" said the cat. [deleted]", "Hearing a new release is music to my hears. [deleted]", "I was working in a library and this bloke came up to me and said \"Do you have a bookmark?\"\u00a0I said \"Yes, we have hundreds, but my name's Dave\"", "Ask a stupid question and get a stupid answer but ask a smart question and get ignored ", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Woo. Woo who? Don't get so excited, it's just a joke.", "Move to an abandoned neighborhood to make \"keeping up with the Joneses\" less stressful &amp;#x200B;", "the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and having firmer muscles in just 4 weeks ", "Why don't sprinklers use sprinkles? [deleted]", "What do you call a woman with one leg shorter than the other? Eileen.", "Someone stole my trashbag full of completely new AA batteries. There was a hefty charge when the found the guy. ", "Young men want to be faithful, and are not; old men want to be faithless, and cannot.", "I have the body of a porn star, all my clothes says XXX. ", "There's no shortcut to becoming a hairstylist. ", "I was immediately fired at my new job as a human cannon ball ", "I think...therefore, I'm single.", "It takes balls to be a transvestite. Swooped off the tv. \n\nLEEEEEEROY JENKINS. \n\np. s. Sorry for yelling.", "(p + l)(a + n)=pa+pn+la+ln. We just foiled your plan.", "My math teacher called me average.. ... how mean! ", "We no longer live in the real world. We live in the reel world.", "centifoot millimile kilopound microton - the bastard children of metric and english ", "I haven\u2019t slept for ten days, because that would be too long. ", "Vouching I'm not saying I've ever worked for Trump, but if you ask the guy, he'll swear he doesn't know me.", "All the psychics I go to are either too depressing or too angry, when all I'm looking for is a happy medium. ", "A sex shop is the only place where 'shove it up your ass' isn't an insult. ", "Werewolves are morning people ", "People are often shocked when they realize how bad of an electrician I am. ", "Going to a Foot Locker at the mall isn't as scary as going to one in a morgue. ", "Whoever said that I can't cook obviously hasn't tasted my cereal.", "I don't know how to describe my views on freedom of speech without offending anyone. ", "RomeoandJuliet.doc is a play on Word.", "People who buy sex dolls are fucking dummies ", "I lay face down, a shameful feeling, trusted a fart, but hit the ceiling. ", "I always go off topic in middle of the Mediterranean where I had a lovely time.", "How many telemarketers does it take to change a lightbulb? Just one, but they have to do it during dinner.", "[FREE_JOIN] 100% Free_Sex_D\u0430ting_Website [removed]", "A dyslexic man walks into a bra. A dyslexic man walks into a bra. ", "If a nun does something bad, does she get denunced? ", "I just melted an ice cube by staring at it, but it took a bit longer than I thought it would though. ", "My Grandma died on her 100th birthday. It was a real shame as we were only half way though giving her the bumps.", "Paying for cat food is for pussies ", "\"Thank you for calling the hug hotline...PLEASE HOLD.\" ", "Did you hear about the romance between the two blood vessels?\nThey loved in vein....", "Electrical Engineers do it with less resistance.", "What did the vampire say to the teacher? See you next period!", "Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.", "This new clock must be chicken-proof. It has impeckable timing. ", "Bad becomes good when worse happens.", "Since my mate had his neck brace fitted he's never looked back.", "Today at work, I beat my boss over the head with a pie chart and now I\u2019ve been charged with a graph-aided assault. ", "Torc is screwed up.", "Once a man assaulted me with milk, butter, and cheese - how dairy? ", "Grammar is important because it\u2019s the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse and helping your uncle jack off a horse. ", "i had a recurring dream once ", "My friend's allergic to rice. He's basmatic.", "I always look forward to watching a good game of football on Halloween. There is always the chance of plenty of Ghouls.", "6 out of 7 dwarfs aren\u2019t happy. ", "A kleptomaniac grabbed a blender to take it for a spin. ", "What's the difference between a joke and two dicks? You can't take a joke.", "Got thrown out a strip club last night for using monopoly money. I don't see why I should pay real money to see fake boobs.", "My wife was gang raped by a group of mimes. They performed unspeakable acts on her.", "When I told the doctor about my loss of memory, he made me pay in advance. ", "I would love to be an influencer, but I\u2019ve only got great ideas and an ok ass, instead of the other way around. ", "The quote \"be there or be square!\" is because you are not a-round.. ", "Speaking ill of the dead is a grave mistake. ", "All atheists are hypocrites. Why, you say? They've all taken math. 2^4 is a higher power.", "I liked post-malone\u2019s earlier stuff Pre-Malone", "Did you hear about the Christmas themed porn? Jesus gets nailed.", "I'm not saying my wife's a fat bitch. But I've had to put an energy-saving bulb in the fridge.", "What do scientists and vegetables have in common? Stephen Hawking", "To learn sex Ed I did a broad for a semester. [deleted]", "Lecture's comment about a student: 'she's been on more courses then Red Rum' ", "How many Bratzlaver Chassidim does it take to change a light bulb? None. They will never find one that burned as brightly as the first one.", "How do you pick up a smokin' hot Jewish girl? Broom and a Dustpan.", "My blind date didn\u2019t see anything in me ", "My horse will only come out of its stable when it gets dark. It's becoming a night mare. ", "I found my doctor's suggestion, for new hearing aids, sound advice. ", "Fact of life: after Monday and Tuesday, even the calender says W T F.", "When my wife asked if I was going to yoga with her, I said, \u201cNamaste home today.\u201d ", "Several toilets were stolen last night. Police say they have nothing to go on.", "Sometimes I go to the outlet mall just to charge my phone. ", "So what if I can\u2019t spell Armageddon- It\u2019s not the end of the world! ", "When does Sean Connery show up to Wimbeldon? About tennish", "Why have elephants got big ears? Cos Noddy won't pay the ransom.", "What's 7 inches long and hasn't been sucked in over 2 years? Whitney Houston's crack pipe.", "Alguna cosa alguna cosa en Espa\u00f1ol, which means something something in Spanish. ", "I bet you had to read this twice. ", "Peter Pan at age 50 is still attractive to pedophiles ", "A guy did me a favor once and now it seems like I have to return the favor over and over - it's a form of indentured gratitude. ", "Why couldn't anyone hear Helen Keller scream? She was wearing mittens.", "Today while on the toilet, the tp holder sprang off its holder. It really startled me and I totally shit myself. Right place, right time. It's a true story.", "Your intelligence is my common sense.", "Last night I dreamt I had discovered the only word in the English language that ends with \"mt\". ", "I went to Seoul the other day to sell fluorescent markers. It was the highlight of my Korea.", "Age has its advantages. Too bad no one that old can remember what they are.", "Get great deals on religious men for Cyber Monkday. ", "I tried contemplating infinity, but it was taking forever! &amp;#x200B;", "I beat a black belt at karate. My next challenger is a green sock.", "I have one girlfriend her name is Manny. ", "What did the buffalo say to its kid when it went to school? Bison.", "Love is like a fart. If you have to force it it\u2019s probably shit. ", "Two musicians are writing a song about depression; one turns to the other and says \"Let's end it on the bridge\" ", "To all those people who said I couldn't write a joke about bukkake....ha!..... In your face. ", "Distant drums. You can\u2019t beat \u2018em! ", "Auto-erotic asphyxiation is so good it takes your breath away. ", "Why was the pube angry? Because it was pissed off.", "I see a striking resemblance between Justin Bieber and Elton John.", "Opinions are like assholes, if you say you don\u2019t have one, you\u2019re probably full of shit. ", "Why can't you borrow money from a midget? Because they're always a little short!", "Stumbling to the door I've had too much but I want some more. ", "I came to the conclusion that I have a fetish for periods. ", "Are you flourine iodine and neon? Cause you are FINe.", "I recently got sick at the airport. My doctor says it's a terminal illness.", "The speed I drive my car is related to the type of music I'm listening to.", "Two blondes fell down a hole. One said, \"It's dark in here isn't it?\" The other replied, \"I don't know; I can't see.\"", "I used to chase men, but they don't steal my handbag anymore ", "My guitar wouldn't make any noise, then I realized it was an autoustic guitar... ", "Big hair was so popular in the 80s because hairdressers gave a volume discount. ", "PBA disorder is no laughing matter! ", "My nickname in college was \"The Love Machine\". I sucked at tennis. ", "God gave us the brain to work out problems. However, we use it to create more problems. ", "Why did God give women vaginas? Because sheep can't cook.", "Marriage...because your shitty day doesn't have to end after work. ", "As my dad entered the bedroom, turning on the light, I jumped out from under the covers screaming \"SURPRISE MOTHERFUCKER\" ", "I hooked up with a mime last night and she did unspeakable things! ", "What lies at the bottom of the sea and whimpers? A nervous wreck.", "My girlfriend left me because of my fetish for touching pasta. Now shes gone im feeling cannelloni right now!!", "Have you guys heard about the new restaurant on the moon? Early critics say the food is good, but there's no atmosphere.", "To whoever stole my antidepressants, I hope you're happy. ", "Did you hear about how the Police were called to a daycare yesterday? A three-year-old was resisting a rest", "We might all be dead if it werent for homocide sounding gay ", "The trick to a good abortion joke is in the delivery. ", "Congratulations to Tu Youyou on winning the Nobel Prize in Medicine and for being the most confusing person to sing Happy Birthday to.", "My blind wife burned her fingers on the stove, and now she feels bad. ", "I steal most of my onliners from the internet. ", "My favorite song use to be sunshine on my shoulders but Skin Cancer changes everything... ", "Studies have shown that between 99.0% and 99.9% of all participants in multi-level marketing schemes lose money. ", "Pretending to write when the teacher starts calling on random people.", "I think Oedipus Rex was a real Mother Fucker ", "- What do you call 2 gay guys named Bob?  Oral Roberts", "Ambetextrous: able to text with both hands.", "If you want to stop a wild animal from charging, just press paws. ", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Thistle. Thistle who? Thistle be the last time I knock.", "What's got 8 eyes and 8 legs? 8 pirates.", "I have a time machine. But it only goes forward at a regular speed.", "My dad sent me to a psychiatrist for wearing his bra again. ", "If someone who cycles is called a cyclist, does that make someone in a race, a racist? ", "I've recently taken up meditation..... Beats sitting around, doing fuck all. ", "Are comedians funny or did they just never grow up?", "How does the man on the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.  ", "Water boarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds really great if you don\u2019t know what either of those things are ", "Our contractor tells us we should build another floor, but that's a story for another time. ", "At the beach today I decided not to swim between the two flags and instead swim in the sea. ", "Why did Mr. Grape leave Mrs. Grape? He was tired of raisin kids. ", "Quitting smoking is easy; I\u2019ve done it plenty of times. ", "I'd never name my son after me because I do not believe that all men are created sequels No idea what goes here", "Someone stole all the toilet seats from the police station. Cops have nothing to go on. ", "Gays are fucking assholes. ", "My girlfriend thinks I'm a workaholic, to prove her wrong, I only worked a double shift on the weekends instead of a triple.", "Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? Because he might get a hole in one. ", "My parents always tell me their world doesn\u2019t revolve around me, so I guess that means I\u2019m not actually their sun. ", "Its difficult to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally. ", "I saw some self-help books, so I helped myself. ", "A survey was conducted into why men like blow jobs: 10% liked the feeling, 12% liked the dominance, 78% liked 20 minutes of fucking silence.", "I hate when people say rhetorical questions, I mean, what's the point? ", "A couple years ago my therapist told me I had problems letting go of the past. ", "What do they call a man who builds twenty boats a month? Sir Launchalot.", "If it was possible to modify sperm to breed with other sperm science is so gay it would have to be done ", "This week on my normal addiction, alcohol! ", "Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds pretty awesome if you don't know what either of those things mean. ", "A paper cut is a tree's last revenge.", "My shoulders are so close to my elbows that they\u2019re thinking about opening joint accounts. ", "Personally, I watch the ads for the Super Bowl. ", "I've recently developed a severe phobia of elevators. I'm taking steps to avoid them.", "If I asked you to sleep with me, Yes or No. Would the answer to that question be the same as the answer to this one?", "Exaggeration is a billion times worse than understatement.", "What did Paris Hilton's left leg say to her right leg? nothing, they're never together. ", "I have a problem with my budget it's not going cheap ", "An Irish man walks out of a bar. ", "Somewhere, right now, there is a night club where critics are raving. ", "At the bank, I told the cashier, \"I'd like to open a joint account please.\" \nCashier: \"OK, with whom?\" \nMe: \"Whoever has lots of money.\"", "When my Doctor told me I was going deaf I just couldn't comprehend what I was hearing! ", "I feel like I am having Deja Vu again. ", "What do you call a bear in the rain? A drizzly bear.", "What do you call an aardvark that's just been beaten up? Vark.", "People who misuse the word \"literally\" are figuratively Hitler. ", "I worried that my addiction to helter-skelters is spiralling out of control.", "Mermaids suck. [removed]", "I was reading 'The History of Glue' last night--I couldn't put it down.", "What's the difference between an Irish wedding and Irish funeral? One less drunk.", "My boss has a heart of gold. Or whatever metal they're using these days to make robot hearts.", "Nihilist store robbed at gunpoint. Fortunately, nothing of value was taken. ", "The universe is made of 4 things, protons, electrons, neutrons and morons ", "Is super para...gah! What was that??", "If there was a hero that saved people from awkward conversations, he'd be more popular than Superman.", "Don't kiss your wife with a runny nose. You might think it's funny, but it's snot.", "If you loiter in a Tibetan holy leader's sandwich shop, You dilly dally in the dalai's deli.", "What's black and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre", "A thief stole a calendar and got 12 months. ", "Why don't black people get sunburned? Because most prisons are indoors.", "Life is like a box of chocolates; it doesn't last as long for fat people.", "How do you pronounce tomato? Is it tomato or tomato?", "I told my cat I was going to teach him to speak English. He looked at me and said \"Me how?\"", "I told my wife she'd look better with her hair back. She was furious!I guess it was wrong to say that to a woman who's gone bald.", "Those who get too big for their pants will be totally exposed in the end ", "Your tongue weighs practically nothing. So why can't you hold it?", "Probably the worst thing you can hear when you\u2019re wearing a bikini is, \u201cGood for you!\u201d ", "I'm always one step ahead of my girlfriend. When she dumped me, I told her the bags were already in the car.", "In a world where everyone only had right hands, there would be nothing left. ", "I used to think chiropractors were a waste of money but I stand corrected. ", "I got a tattoo of Italy on my chest and now I have really sore Naples ", "I can never finish a joke with my boxer friend, he always beats me to the punch line. ", "Did you hear they are looking for someone to be in charge of potato snacks in the monastery? The job description will be:  Chipmonk.", "Yo mama is so fat she has diabetes and an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.", "What does a donkey proctologist do? Assesses ass' asses.", "Having sex in elevators is wrong on so many levels.", "My wife just left me because of my obsession with cricket. It's really hit me for 6.", "It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor.", "Lecturer: \"have any of you heard of pavlov's dogs?\" Student \"...It rings a bell.\" ", "I'm not affected by the price of gas, I just get $20 worth every time.", "Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.", "\"What did one lesbian ghost say to the other? I like your booooooobs\"", "If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world. ", "So many girls have tramp-stamps that I'm starting to think the girls that don't have them are the real freaks ", "My girlfriend said she wanted me to be more like her Ex. So I dumped her.", "I phoned a helpline about my weak bladder problem. It's 1p a minute.", "I was arguing with my girlfriend in Nandos when my best mate ran off with the garlic bread and coleslaw! I wish he would stop taking sides.", "\"Want to hear a joke about jalapeno poppers? Probably not because it's too queso fresco!\"", "A seal walks into a club. The doorman takes his coat.", "Since it's the thought that counts, I'll just keep thinking about getting that colonoscopy.", "Paradise, to me, is two six sided number cubes. ", "I only enjoy two or three Motown groups, four tops. ", "What does the dentist of the year get? A little plaque.", "If the earth was really flat, cats would have pushed everything off of it by now. ", "What did one math book say to the other? Man, I have problems. ", "Moses was the first person to use Control-C as a shortcut. ", "When I die, I want to go out like my grandfather; peacefully and quietly in his sleep. Not screaming and panicking like the other people in the car. [removed]", "Cole's Law:  Thinly sliced cabbage.", "My son took his first steps this morning. The window cleaner was furious.", "The word, \u201cdiputseromneve\u201d may look ridiculous, but backwards, it\u2019s even more stupid. ", "My wife says she's leaving me because of my addiction to antidepressants. Won't be needing them anymore then.", "Tsk..a slinky riding the escalator. I swear, laziness has taken over this country!", "Every time I get undress in the bathroom the shower gets turned on.", "Some people claim that eating pineapple makes semen taste sweeter, but I find that rather hard to swallow. ", "Your average thing is manufactured in a satisfactory. ", "Why is no one ever the right amount of whelmed? ", "Those funny little hairs in your ears are just cilia. ", "The person who proofread Hitler's speeches was a grammar Nazi. ", "A man stole a case of soap from the corner store. The police said he made a clean getaway.", "I can still remember my mother tucking me in when I was little, she must have really wanted a girl. ", "I sold my soul to the devil, and then a week later, he asked me what my return policy was. [deleted]", "- What do you call a truck load of vibrators? Toys for twats", "What's going on with the weather? I haven't the foggiest.", "My future girlfriend is ghosting me and it really hurts. ", "Whenever I think about wanting peace in the world I\u2019m mostly thinking of my neighbor\u2019s bad relationship. ", "What do you call a puppy in a desert? A hot dog. ", "I'm not saying my wife is ugly, but the milkman flirts with me.", "A boxer complains to his doctor about insomnia. Doc \"Have you tried counting sheep?\" Boxer \"Yes, but whenever I get to 9, I stand up\"", "A small boy swallowed some coins and was taken to hospital. His Mother phoned to ask how he was and the nurse said, 'There's no change yet'", "What do you call a wolf that swears? A swear wolf", "I'm so great, I'm jealous of myself.", "Why is money green? Because Jews pick it before it is ripe.", "What do you call an Irishman who bounces off of walls? Rick O'Shea.", "What do you call a fake macaroni? An impasta.", "The best thing to carry with you when you start feeling tired is a knapsack. ", "I bought my soul back from the devil for twice what I sold it, working for 1 cent per hour in hell so I dont believe anyone will be there forever ", "Let him who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.", "Always follow your dreams. Except for that one where you're naked at work.", "What do I do when I'm too attractive ? Oops, meant to google ;)", "She criticized my apartment, so I knocked her flat. ", "He's as useful as Anne Frank's drum kit. ", "Girl, the only reason I'm still with you is your cannibalistic nature when it comes to oral sex. ", "When my Doctor told me I was going deaf I just couldn't comprehend what he was saying to me! ", "I know she ate a worm but we are not here to debate de bait deb ate ", "Being ambiguous is only interesting when it isn't. ", "The Dalai Lama go to Vegas so often because he loves Tibet. ", "I was wondering why the ball kept getting bigger and bigger and bigger... and then it hit me.", "I tried to make love to an entire orchestra, but I only got to second bass. ", "What's the difference between a porcupine and a Hummer? The porcupine has the pricks on the outside.", "The most expensive thing I own is my lack of impulse control. ", "Who's Kony's favorite rapper? Soulja Boy.", "When a mechanic has a one night stand, he nuts and bolts ", "What do you do if you see a spaceman? Park in it man.", "Suicide jokes make me want to kill myself. ", "My wife is very big in fashion. She's a size 22.", "Of course gay men dress well. They didn't spend all that time in the closet doing nothing.", "To the thief in the wheelchair who nicked my camouflage jacket. You can hide but you can't run.", "Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.", "Grocery store workers must let the customer decide if they want paper or plastic because baggers can't be choosers. ", "A: Hey, man! Please call me a taxi. \nB: Yes, sir. You are a taxi.", "My job is like being a prostitute. The better you do, the more you get screwed. ", "I can get you 5000 tampax for a fiver. No strings attached.", "A dyslexic man walks into a bra. [deleted]", "I hope when i inevitably choke to death on gummy bears, my family will just say i was killed by a bear and leave it at that. ", "Being addicted to cigarettes is a real drag, man. ", "Marketers for the military really make a killing. ", "How much did it cost the pirate to get his ears pierced? A buck an ear.", "\u202aA doctor says to a nurse, \"Hey, wanna swab spit?\"\u202c ", "'I' before 'E' except after 'C' is a weird rule ", "The paperless office will become a reality about the same time as the paperless toilet.", "If all employers fired people for marijuana use, there'd be a \"high\" unemployment rate. ", "I could have been more famous, if only my work had been more widely known. ", "Shotgun Weddings : A wife or death situation.", "I can't remember when I last heard Staind on the radio but it's been awhile. ", "My girlfriend accused me of \u201cgas lighting\u201d, so I told her that she is insane for making up such things. ", "Just illegally downloaded a video while here in Jamaica. Does that make me a pirate of the Caribbean?", "If towels could tell jokes they would probably have a dry sense of humor.", "Human clones aren't very original. ", "I am fed up with second rate solutions and am now going for third rate. ", "Is being gay a pain in the ass? ", "As a 5'9 guy, I really look up to NBA players. ", "I may walk slowly, but unlike you, I never walk back.", "The only thing flat-earthers fear, is sphere itself! [removed]", "5 out of 4 people struggle with fractions [deleted]", "I entered a palindrome contest today and I got top spot. ", "There's a time and place for spontaneity. ", "I went to a fetish restaurant last night. I got toed in the hole. ", "There\u2019s no \u201cI\u201d in denial. ", "Personal training's a saturated market. ", "Five out of three people are bad at fractions. ", "I just texted my girlfriend Ruth and told her it was over. I'm Ruthless.", "Went to my financial advisor the other day. Shits so bad he\u2019s like \u201cbuddy you need a time machine\u201d ", "I've decided to write all my jokes in capitals from now on. This one was written in Paris. ", "What does a Mexican put under his carpet? Underlay, underlay.", "Why is it called a driveway when you park there and a parkway when you drive there? ", "For every dollar a man makes, a woman makes seventy cense. That's not fair cause the man is only left with .30.", "I'm buying my wife a wooden leg for christmas. It's not her main present just a stocking filler. ", "When my father said he had a \"dad bod\" I laughed and said \"No, it's more like a \"father figure!\" ", "Is Ivanka Trump a Jew d'Orange? ", "Flashole: Someone who flashes you with their brights even though yours aren't on.", "I just deleted all German names off my phone, it's now hans free! ", "My complimentary hotel breakfast did not tell me I looked nice even once. ", "If the Catholic Church had a giant fighting robot, would it be called The Holy Sacramech? [deleted]", "What's better than seeing a woman wrestle? Seeing her box.", "I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.", "You're about as useful as an inflatable dartboard. ", "I once had a girlfriend who could look into the future. She left me before we met.", "Tomorrow: A mystical land where 99% of all human productivity, motivation, and achievement is stored.", "If a french person randomly asks you if you have the will to live, they probably just want some olive oil. ", "All generalizations are stupid. ", "Jokes about German sausage are the wurst. ", "What happens when you onions with beans? Tear Gas. ", "Enrique Iglesias wouldn't be so popular if he went by his English name...Henry Churches ", "Ironically, 2020 is the year we didn\u2019t get to see anything ", "It's hard to classify a cannibal who only eats vegetables. ", "These corduroy pillows are making headlines. ", "Alabama changed the drinking age to 34 because they want to keep alcohol out of the high schools. ", "What do dinosaurs have that no other animals have? Baby Dinosaurs. Where does a Tyrannosaurus sit when he comes to stay? Anywhere he wants to.\rWhat did they call prehistoric sailing disasters? Tyrannosaurus wrecks.\rCan you name 10 dinosaurs in 10 seconds? Yes, 8 iguanadons and 2 stegasaurus.\rWhat do you call a dinosaur as tall as a house, with long sharp teeth, and 12 claws on each foot? Sir.\rWhat do you call a dinosaur as tall as a house, with long sharp teeth, 12 claws on each foot and a personal stereo over his ears? Anything you like, he won't hear you!\rWhat do you get if you cross a mouse with a triceratops? Enormous holes in the skirting board.\rHow can you tell if there is a dinosaur in bed with you? By the `D' on his pajamas. How do you know if there is a brachiosaurus in bed with you? By the dinosnores.", "A people pleaser died, people weren't sure whether they should be pleased about it or not ", "The bar is ten minutes from my house, however, my house is two hours from the bar. ", "If you wanna make someone mad, lie. If you really wanna piss 'em off, tell the truth.", "9/11 conspiracy theorists don't beat around the Bush. ", "What do you call a woman who stands straddling a river? Bridgette.", "I have no taste in women, but beside that fact, I like you.", "Whoever stole my Ambien: I will not rest until I find you! ", "There are more men than women in mental hospitals, which just goes to show who's driving whom crazy.", "I said to the doctor \"Can you give me something for my liver?\" So he gave me a pound of onions.", "Tell a girl she's beautiful and she'll remember it for days. Tell a girl she's fat and she'll always remember because an elephant never forgets.", "My new girlfriends definitely a keeper.. She stinks of elephant dung!", "Hanging yourself is a breathtaking once in a lifetime experience ", "Little known fact...There are currently more airplanes under the water, than there are submarines in the air. ", "\u201cI\u2019ll have a hot dog.\u201d Tom said frankly ", "When my wife asked me if we had a threesome, whom would I choose, I'm guessing I shouldn't have named two friends. ", "Need experience for job. Need job for experience.", "I'd give my left nut to be a woman. ", "Two men walk into a bar, and the third one ducks.", "What rhymes with orange...no it doesn't. ", "I\u2019ve designed a new website for orphans and there's no home page. ", "Is a depressed Japanese soup chef miso-rable? ", "Why can't hedgehogs just share the hedge?", "I wake up with a great attitude everyday, then idiots happens. ", "Life is a lot like a penis - soft, relaxed and hanging free, then a woman makes it hard. ", "Skin Irritation is just visible confusion. ", "You've seen one shopping centre. You've seen the mall.", "Using an umbrella when there isn\u2019t a cloud in the sky seem a bit shady to me ", "What's the worst thing your wife can say during sex? Honey I'm home", "I stopped doing stand-up comedy because of the constant heckling from funeral attendees. ", "My zipper broke, but I fixed it on the fly. ", "Ringo Starr\u2019s recent knighthood was quite a sir prize. ", "My fan has three speeds: useless, useless and wind tunnel.", "Objectively, watching Trump try to President brings to mind the deeply horrifying Mary Roach audition on American Idol. ", "My favorite sexual position is the JFK. I splatter all over her while she screams and tries to get out of the car.", "2020 ", "Mexican friends? I have Juan or two.", "Dad: Where can I get a potato clock? Son: Why a potato clock?!? Dad: I've got a new job and my boss said I need to get-a-potato-clock", "My boss asked why I was late to work and I told him someone yelled at me to go to hell and I finally found where it was. ", "What did the baby corn say to momma corn? Where is popcorn. ", "My wife's so fat, when she fell\u00a0down\u00a0the\u00a0stairs\u00a0I thought East Enders was ending.", "diet without tea is just die. ", "I, for one, like Roman numerals ", "There should be a children's song called \"if you're happy and you know it, keep it to yourself and let your dad sleep\".", "Married men live longer than single men, but they are more willing to die.", "Quitters never win, winners never quit. But those who never win and never quit are idiots.", "What do you call an invisible mom that got a sex change. Transparent", "Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? Fo' drizzle.", "Walking for miles on end with no shoes on can be sole destroying. ", "Doggy-style is my favorite position, because I hate disappointed faces. ", "I know drinking brake fluids is bad for me, but I can stop at any time ", "A cop pulled me over today and said: \"papers\".. so i said: \"scissors, I win!\"", "I used to go to the furniture store a lot more when I was younger but I haven\u2019t been in about 2 years because I\u2019ve had 0 interest for 24 months. ", "Be sure to pay your exorcist or you may get repossesed ", "According to my calculations the problem doesn't exist.", "Does anyone know if I can buy clothes pegs online? ", "A pirate's favorite letter is \"R\", or at least that's true for Pirate Ralph. ", "Good sex can correct poor posture, or at least make it stand up straight ", "If you are making fun of me, then you are probably very funny ", "It's tough being a modern racist being around all these colored TVs ", "My blonde 19 year old next door neighbor has just asked me if I know about missing items from her washing line? I nearly shit her knickers", "Save the rain, Forest. ", "When people leave their families to become fishermen it's just too selfish. ", "I just recently ended a 5 year relationship. It's OK though, it wasn't my relationship.", "When I was born, the doctor came  to the waiting room and said to my father, I'm very sorry. We did everything we could. But he pulled thru", "I initially didn't like having long nails, but they're growing on me. ", "Throwing acid is wrong .. in some people\u2019s eyes ", "I illegally installed an electric elevator and was promptly brought up on battery charges. ", "What did Ahmed say when asked about his sudden fame for building his clock? [deleted]", "Tampax jokes just aren't funny! Period.", "A cannibal passed his friend in the woods.", "Hello and welcome to Pointless Club, you are now free to leave. ", "The divers had to be careful because the octopus was heavily armed. ", "Why are Mike Tyson's eyes always red after sex? Pepper Spray", "How many doctors does it take to screw in a light bulb? Three. One to find a bulb specialist, one to find a bulb installation specialist, and one to charge the bill.", "I'm a Libra, which means I don't give a fuck about horoscopes. ", "Standing in the paint aisle at the DIY centre always brings a tear to my eye. I can't help but get emulsional.", "Did you hear about the cross-eyed teacher who lost her job because she couldn't control her pupils? ", "Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.", "Is it ignorance or apathy? Hey, I don't know and I don't really care ", "Speeding has never killed anyone. suddenly becoming stationary, now THATS what gets you.", "There are 5 ways to win an arguement with a woman...unfortunately none are known to man. ", "On Fridays during lent, I think it is ok for Catholics to eat mermaids. ", "Imagine the Titanic with a lisp.... It's unthinkable.\ud83d\udea2 ", "I dropped my watch in the toilet so I am having a shitty time. ", "Never trust a man with a bald head. For all you know, he could've been a Ginger!!", "Making one-liners about crippled people is lame. ", "letting go might be hard, but you know what's harder? My boner for u. follow me on Instagram @fellowclown", "Tea is for mugs ", "I've been asked out by a number of hot women in my time. 0 is a number, right?..", "What's black and white and eats like a horse? A zebra.", "Do you suppose Roman lesbians' favorite position was fifty-nine? ", "Last weekend, they held a minute's silence at the Etihad Stadium. It blended in nicely with the other 89.", "When I die, I want to be buried with some random animal bone like a Giraffe, just to confuse future archaeologists.", "Home alone and something just farted. Don't know whether to laugh or be scared.", "What do you call a black archeologist? [deleted]", "Dont make fun of fat people, they have enough on their plates.", "So what\u2019s the deal with airplane food? ", "I asked 100 women \"What shampoo do you use whilst showering?\" 98% of them asked me to get out of the shower.", "I'm addicted to prescription glasses [deleted]", "I hate cliches because \"They're a dime a dozen\".", "A cycling machine called \u2018Peloton\u2019 ", "Police are working tirelessly to catch the criminal who keeps stealing the wheels from their police cars. ", "I just bought a Monopoly set, but there aren't any instructions, I mean, what are the chances?! ", "I was so excited when the hosepipe ban was lifted. I wet my plants.", "Camping sex: It's in tents ", "My mate just asked me if he could put a teabag in my mouth and fill me with boiling water. He must think I'm some kind of mug.", "I arranged to meet someone last night for some No Strings Attached fun.. I was bitterly disappointed when Pinocchio turned up.", "Does a rabbi charge a lot for circumcisions? No. He just keeps the tips.", "My friends were trying to get me to do the limbo with them, but I wasn't gonna stoop to their level. ", "Anything seems possible when you don't know what the fuck you're talking about. ", "I look so much better without my glasses on! ", "How\u2019s life? [removed]", "Just realised Nothing starts with \u201cN\u201d and ends with \u201cG\u201d ", "I hate being bipolar. It is awesome.", "My doctor has a great sense of humour. He leaves me in stitches.", "Did I ever post my Alzheimer's joke? I don't remember", "I woke up this morning and forgot which side the sun rises from, then it dawned on me. ", "If Howard Stern was ever murdered, my prime suspect would be video. [deleted]", "If I'm not mistaken, it looks like you're mistaken. ", "After you left I was the one left. ", "I went to my garage to inventory my sports equipment, and saw some scumbag had stolen my limbo stick... really, how low can you go?!?! ", "I used to like my neighbours, until they put a password on their Wi-Fi.", "How does Stephen Hawking recover from a hangover? He presses F5.", "If I had a dollar for every time my professor gave a boring lecture in class...I'd actually go. ", "Shouldn't hemorrhoids be called asteroids? ", "Did you hear about the cross eyed teacher? She couldn't control her pupils.", "To steal from one is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.", "Two of my mom's sisters moved to the Alaskan wilderness, now, it's a double aunt tundra. ", "Why was the mentally challenged midget crying? He was a little down.", "Ho ho ho: Santa's cry, or three prostitutes.", "Fact..! First its hurts you, then its changes you.", "What do you call a pig with no clothes on? Streaky bacon.", "I've always wanted to learn how to juggle. I just don't have the balls to do it.", "My neighbors are listening to great music whether they like it or not. ", "How many folk singers does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two. One to change it and one to write a song about how good the old light bulb was.", "As a masochist I enjoy getting up at 3am and having a cold shower. So I don't.", "Why'd the idiots at Microsoft buy Skype for over $10 million dollars when they can download it for free?", "Am I unpatriotic if I don\u2019t want to see Tom Brady win another Super Bowl? ", "Ambassadors never get sick because they have diplomatic immunity. ", "I never knew what happiness was until I got married and then it was too late. ", "If hippies get angry, do they get incensed? [deleted]", "After hours of thinking I've finally decided on my new years resolution: 1920 x 1080", "Shoutout to video games for letting boys express their anime fetishes with slightly less shame. ", "Video games have better plots than moves nowadays.", "A day without sunshine is like, you know, night. -Steve Martin ", "Renamed the router \"Hide Your Kids, Hide Your Wi-Fi\"", "If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular? ", "Let's all get drunk and correct each other's grammar.", "By putting the correct amount of dyes, coal plants will finally start producing green power. ", "She had come to service his laptop, but his power cable snapped when engaging the RAM. ", "What do you call a nun in a wheelchair? Holy Roller", "I've got a joke for you about an elevator door, it works on so many levels. ", "Whose idea was it to put an \"S\" in the word \"lisp\"?", "If one door opens, and another one slams shut; get out, the place is haunted! ", "This girl I was dating said that she wanted a once in a lifetime experience, so I murdered her. ", "Common English: A field; Scouser English: An field. ", "I bought shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with but I've been tripping all day.", "You can't be jailed for incorrect grammar, you won't complete your sentence properly. ", "Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.", "Say yes to masks and no to bras............... Free the titty, protect the city. ", "If jesus died so you can sin less then satan died so you can sin more ", "My credit card company loves me. Every day, I get a call from them saying my balance is outstanding.", "If you leave the zoo without a penguin, you didn't try hard enough. ", "You know you have a bad chiropractor when you lie down fully clothed and he walks in naked. ", "I found out recently that my wife had an affair with a dwarf. I can't believe she would stoop so low.", "I used to be addicted to the Hokey Pokey, but I turned myself around.", "Virgin jokes are painfully bad. ", "Avoiding dangling prepositions is something I am really good at. ", "My ex-wife still misses me, but her aim is steadily improving. ", "Did you hear the one about the man with 5 cocks? His underpants fit like a glove.", "Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces.", "So... when you do so-so, you also reap so ", "Had a fight with an erection this morning. I beat it single handedly.", "I think sleep is nice because it gives me a break from myself. ", "I want to set up a Stereophonics tribute act, but I procrastinate a lot. So, maybe tomorrow. ", "Dear Reddit, My wife just left me for being overly formal. ", "My uncle was jailed for his beliefs. He believed you could wank on the bus.", "Samuel L Jackson As a kid, I didn't understand Samuel L Jackson's obsession with melon farming.", "Most onomatopoeia jokes aren't worth a tweet tweet. ", "You are not sarcastic at all. ", "I pin magnets to my corkboard. [deleted]", "There is no job so simple that it cannot be done wrnog. ", "What's the down side of a prenatal screening debate? ", "My girlfriend told me to go out and get something that makes her look sexy... so I got drunk. ", "If anyone needs copies of osteopath monthly, I have back issues. ", "There's a new Ted Talk about procrastination, I've been meaning to watch it for a while now. ", "I often think about the one that got away and wonder what would have happened if I had just splurged on the premium cage. ", "Every 60 seconds in Africa, a minute passes away. We have got to put an end to this!", "You know you've spent too much time at the office when you dial 0 at home for an outside line. ", "Does the unknown, but I'm not sure, I've never heard it before.", "What did the gay man say to his cheating boyfriend? I see you already have your shit packed, now get out!", "Killing a diabetic would be a piece of cake. ", "This day will long be remembered as one of the least memorable days in history. ", "To get new fertilizer I have to wait till the fucking cows come home to deal with this shit ", "Good tiny cock porn is hard to find. ", "To be frank..would involve changing my name.", "The doctors tried to save my uncle with an i.v., but all their efforts were in vein. ", "Valentines is 3 days away. You still have time to break up with your boyfriend or girlfriend before it's too late!", "Favorite singer surprises girl with cancer https://i.imgur.com/cwlCVkC.png\n\n(source:https://www.reddit.com/r/titlegore/comments/1njeeu/favorite_singer_surprises_girl_with_cancer/)", "Did you hear, there's no more ice in Poland? The old lady with the recipe died", "I haven't sold one copy of my autobiography, story of my life. ", "It's Friday the 13th, so avoid ladders, black cats and ridiculous superstitions... ", "My girlfriend was hit by a bus, the hardest part of the whole ordeal was having to learn how to drive a bus. ", "The thing that I always wondered about people with Tourette\u2019s is, what makes them tic? ", "I play paintball will little balls of paint finisher. [deleted]", "Nobel Peace Prize, I'd kill for one of those!", "I wonder if the Arachnophobia Helpline has a web site? ", "Why do Indians hate snow? It's white and it's on their land.", "My brother got hit by a bus and had both of his legs amputated. Now he's my Half-Brother.", "My girlfriend saw the backseat of my car last night! She said it needed hoovering.", "Just saw a blonde driving a smart car. I could make a joke out of this...", "I haven\u2019t been in the gym in so long that the strongest thing about me is my password. ", "Just had a nice chat with my neighbours teenage daughter. Turns out she's right into UFOs. Which is handy, as she's getting abducted tomorrow.", "My keyboard is missing some kegs, but I can\u2019t place my fingers on which ones. ", "Apparently, most people lean slightly forward when they nod their head and I must say, I\u2019m inclined to agree. ", "No wonder newborn babies cry. They've got nothing to eat, no clothes and they already owe the government money.", "I don\u2019t usually brag about my finances, but my credit card company calls me almost every day to tell me my balance is outstanding. ", "I was going down on this chick when I noticed her pussy tasted like horse semen. I stopped and said \"Oh, so that's how you died, Grandma.\"", "My superiority complex is better than yours. ", "I suck at self-deprecation ", "Whale watching is very similar to watching disappointed people on a boat.", "Your family tree must be a cactus, because everyone on it is a prick. ", "If a sheep and a crow had sex, would their baby be a creep? ", "What is the difference between a Harley and a Hoover? The location of the dirt bag.", "My dad used to say: \"Always fight fire with fire\". Which is probably why he got thrown out of the fire brigade.", "I called a guy an Indian giver, but he didn\u2019t like it, so I had to take it back. ", "Ever had sex while camping? It's intents.", "Thank you, student loans, for helping me get through college. I don't think I can ever repay you.", "Watching a video on apiculture is the next bee sting to being there! ", "Getting Reddit karma is a piece of cake. ", "I told my girlfriend she'd drawn her eyebrows on too high. She looked surprised.", "I will take 'Same Stuff / Different Day' category for $1200.00, Alex ", "Milk is the fastest liquid on earth. It's pasteurized before you even see it.", "I accidentally won the dance competition while pouring another drink. ", "My phone battery is low, but how do I cheer it up? [deleted]", "The man who killed everyone on earth was forgiven by the whole global population ", "\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800 ", "An a walks into a br ", "As an executioner, I used to think about hanging a lot of people who were zeros, now I'd like to hang one. ", "Recent research has shown that 6 out of 7 dwarves aren't happy.", "staring from a distance counts is flirting, right?", "What if Rudolf has a red nose only because Vixen gave him a horrendous STD? ", "I just googled the Californian fires.... came up with 26,472 matches ", "Chilean miners considered how funny it would be if they all died as soon as they finished the rescue tunnel", "I can't stand math teachers. They've got too many problems.", "People tell me to stop using alcohol as a crutch... So I've decided to start drinking it instead. ", "Loves the time of year when things that blow up are legal.", "I ordered a box of food online, but it wasn't a whole box as it didn't have six sides. ", "I\u2019m really sick of bulimia jokes. ", "If they had added Leap Year Day to April instead of February, instead of getting another cold wet winter day, we'd have an extra nice spring day. ", "What do you get if you jump into the red sea? Wet.", "My girlfriend dumped me so I stole her wheelchair. Guess who came crawling back. ", "When dental medicine was introduced, it dropped a lot of jaws. ", "My girlfriend hates when I make jokes about her weight. She needs to lighten up.", "I don't know why I broke up with my girl at the gym. I guess we just weren't working out.", "A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.", "I ran out of sick days, so now I call in dead.", "What do you call a cow's mate? Its significant udder. ", "I can't stand sitting. Serious words spoken by my brother, after sitting for too long.", "I love water so much that I don't want it to be around me while I'm drunk. ", "One of my personalities has a multiple personality disorder ", "You can take a horse out on a date, but you can't make it drink. ", "Today I went to toilet without my phone. There's 178 tiles in the bathroom.", "It was so good she consented after i started ", "Crime in multi-storey car parks. That is wrong on so many different levels. [removed]", "If a star fell for every time I thought of you, the sky would look just as it does now.", "Hitl3r Hitlers favorite sitcom was Mad about Jews.", "I heard that Oxygen and Magnesium are going out. I was like OMg.", "I won't manage to have sex will all of my house visitors, but I will do my guest ", "People talk about you. If they're not talking about you then you're boring.", "I am on a seafood diet. I see food, and I eat it. ", "Marriage is a relationship where one person is always right and the other is the husband.", "Did you hear about the dyslexic rock star? He choked to death on his own Vimto.", "What does diarrhea and a bar fight have in common? Blood on your stool.", "If a fire-fighter's business can go up in smoke and a plumber's business can go down the drain, can a hooker get laid off? ", "lI'm not crazy, my reality is just different than yours.", "Every statement is true, false, or word-salad ", "We could learn alot from bees. Organization, productivity, community sacrifice, stinging people who annoy us...", "I have the attention span of a ", "What do you call a midget that practices karate? Partial arts.", "What is Tom Hanks' wireless password? 1forrest1", "Did you hear Mary had sex with god for cash? She just wanted to make a little prophet.", "Going to church doesn\u2019t make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car ", "Reddit goes down more than my auntie at New Years ", "What did the topless dancer say when chastised about her profession? \"It's better than being flat busted!\"", "God was fired from his preaching job at our church after not showing up for thousands of years ", "I think my friend was built backwards. His nose runs and his feet smell.", "Sometimes i use big words i dont fully understand in order to make myself sound more photosynthesis ", "Keep the planet clean, it's not uranus. ", "I say no to alcoho, but it never listens.", "I asked my friend what it's like living in China. All he said was \"Can't complain\". ", "I try to teach my mom something new every day, because you're supposed to learn from your mistakes", "An expensive laxative gives you a run for your money. ", "A man told me he had invented a bath to bathe pigs, I think he's talking hogwash! ", "When someone donates a kidney they're considered a hero but when I donate 4 why am I getting arrested? ", "I have so little will power that I give up even on watching training montages. ", "I hate it when people randomly add numbers to their jokes \ud83d\udcaf ", "Why are Human beings are the only creatures that allow their children to come back home?", "My friend asked me if the new Star Wars was in 3D. I said, yes, but they R2D2.", "Incest jokes aren\u2019t funny, motherfucker. ", "In regards to the birth control debate, condoms are for fucking pussies &amp;#x200B;", "\"Your underwear is too tight and very revealing\" I said to my wife. She said \"Wear your own then, dickhead\".", "The first rule of OCD club is that there must be a second rule, so we have an even number of rules.", "I don't like to brag, but once, I was the youngest person alive on Earth. ", "Orphans aren't very good at baseball, because they never seem to know where home is. ", "David Seaman. He's a keeper ", "Yo mama is so fat, she was baptized at Sea World.", "Only 1 in 7 dwarfs are happy ", "I can't figure out why I did not get excepted to college. ", "I once had a business selling origami art \u2013 it folded. ", "As a cop I let ppl get away with stuff like I didn't turn myself in for impersonating an officer ", "A confused Cowboy at a Magic show: \"Yeeeeee How?\" ", "What do you call an Iraqi who has sex with donkeys? Normal.", "Spent all day looking through my U2 CD collection for my favourite song. Still haven't found what im looking for.", "I never make the same mistake twice, I make it 5 or 6 times just to be sure. ", "There aren't many right ambidextrous people left. ", "People keep telling me I've got a good head on my shoulders..I wish they'd stop pointing out that I haven't got a neck.", "My favorite exercise is a cross between a lunge and a crunch. It's called a Lunch.", "I started with nothing, I still have most of it ", "Ever since they legalized marijuana I've been chronically late to work sometimes. ", "Ketamine - just say neigh.", "A grasshopper walks into a bar & the bartender goes \"we have a drink named after you\". The grasshopper goes \"you have a drink named Kevin?\"", "If you can't drink and drive, why do we need a drivers license to buy alcohol. ", "I bought an off-road vehicle in a blind auction..Got it delivered and It was a canoe.", "Newton\u2019s Third Law of marriage: For every action, there is a corresponding overreaction. ", "What do you call a vegetarian crocodile in Egypt? a Croc-in-de-Nile.", "The average medical tools should suture needs. ", "Please don't interupt me while im ignoring you.", "When they go low, we get high. Credits: SNL, Dec. 10 2016", "How many oranges grow on the average orange tree? All of them.", "One way or another, there are probably going to a lot less anti-vaxxers after this Covid-19 ordeal is over. ", "I would never be a doctor. Id have to work on the weakened.", "What's the difference between erotic and kinky? Erotic, you use a feather.  Kinky, you use the whole chicken.", "I hope the guy who wants to make that million dollars so freaking bad makes $999,999.99 then gets hit by a bus. Via@amazingoneliner", "I bought knock-off brand I can't believe it's not butter, it was butter. [deleted]", "My friend sold me a radio system with the volume stuck all of the way up for just ONE dollar; it was a deal I couldn't turn down. [deleted]", "And then J.K. Rowling wrote, \"And Harry woke up from his long, long dream\"", "A woman walked into a bar and ordered a double entendre, so the bartender gave it to her. ", "When Sting retires, will he change his name to Stung?", "I\u00b4m at the ATM when a robber holding his gun at my back asks: do you want to see your family again? I said \"no\". We both had a good laugh.", "I know its not very PC to say it ,but i quite like Macbook's. ", "We drove in circles so long, I wasn't sure how it was going to turn out. ", "Took a dip in the pool. Lifeguard said 'What you got there?' I said 'hummus'", "Sadly, I'm not depressed. ", "I was hanging with a group of friends this morning when I realised.. I probably shouldn't have joined a suicide cult.", "Sadly my teacher, who could use two typewriters at one time, got fired for stereotyping. ", "I always use two forms of birth control, condoms, and abstinence. [deleted]", "To girls who say all men are the same, nobody said you had to try them all.", "If you soaked your feet in the fountain of youth... would they get wrinkly? ", "Alzheimer's isn't so bad - you meet new people every day. ", "If it's got tits or wheels, sooner or later you're gonna have problems with it.", "I feel sorry for anus numbing cream, it has to deal with sensitive arseholes all the time. ", "If you let me smell your food I'll pay you with the sound of my money. ", "What do you call cheese that doesn't belong to you? Nacho cheese.", "When I asked the dyslexic fortune teller what my destiny was, she replied, \"It's 1.062 gram per centimeter cube.\" ", "The teacher told us that she needs aids, and asked if anyone would volunteer ", "Your problems don't amount to a hill of beans in this world, unless maybe if your job is building bean-hills. ", "Did Adam and eve have belly buttons?", "How many hookers does it take to change a President? ", "Contractions are not always utilised. ", "Baby carrots aka Trump chodes [deleted]", "Food is premature shit ", "Why do Army Drill Sergeants demand so much attention? [removed]", "My Dad died recently, but unfortunately I slept in and missed the funeral. I guess I'm not a mourning person", "What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball? she choked.", "I have a chicken proof lawn. It's impeccable. ", "I used to play the triangle in a reggae band but left because it was just one ting after another.", "Mopeds are like fat birds! It's loads of fun until your mates find out you've ridden one.", "This place is so weird that the cockroaches have moved next door.", "Is it too optimistic to buy a 2021 calender ? ", "\u201cDO NOT TOUCH\u201d must one of the most terrifying things to read in braille. ", "I don\u2019t care what all the SJW say, Winnie Harlow giving the checkered flag early at the Canadian Grand Prix absolutely was a race issue. ", "What's worse than a joke about shit? A joke about shit that's corny.", "Mrs and 3 of her pals squeezed into my car after weight watchers. I muttered \"fat cows\". The Mrs snapped \"What was that!?\". I said \"You Herd\"..", "Got a puzzle that said \"2-4 years\" only took me 1.", "A sandwhich walks into a bar and the bartender says sorry buddy white breads only.", "I tried drag racing the other day, but it's really hard trying to run in those heels. ", "If you think about it, Lenin statues are just a social construct. ", "Last night in bed, my wife said we should try some role reversal. So I said I had a headache.", "There's no future in time travel.", "I used to be funny. ", "What if a butterfly got a tramp stamp of a trashy white girl?", "Documentaries: Like real movies except with ugly people.", "Ernie, would you like some ice cream? Sherbert!", "What kind of key opens a banana? A monkey!", "If tomatoes are fruit then isn't ketchup actually a smoothie?", "How can you tell a Sumo wrestler from a feminist? A Sumo wrestler shaves his legs.", "Accidentally gave the Pope a pot brownie and he's been giving high praises all day. ", "Why did my\u00a0wife\u00a0cross the road?\u00a0To get back to the first shoe shop we went in three fucking hours ago.", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Tuna. Tuna who? Tuna violin.", "In the morning, clouds put on thunderwear. ", "I have reliable inside information about Apple's next product. I will not be able to afford it.", "You're telling me I need to study? No thanks, I'll pass.", "I'm not saying you're a slag, but even your knickers label say Next..", "Why is there such a shortage of teachers in Africa? Teacher's aides", "I mixed Vodka and Prune Juice = It's called a Pile Driver ", "PUPIL: \"Would you punish me for something I didn\u2019t do?\" \nTEACHER:\" Of course not.\" \nPUPIL: \"Good, because I haven\u2019t done my homework.\"", "Pornsites should have a year review video. ", "I used to ride my bike everyday,until i decided to take a brake from it. ", "People love my dog, Ophelia, until I tell them to pet her. ", "I heard that Apple was planning on an iPad Mini.. I thought they already had one? The iPhone.", "Most people write 'congrats' because they don't know the spelling of conglashulasions. ", "That joke about never getting jokes old getting old got old real fast. [deleted]", "Do you think mosquitoes compete with each other for who can make this human slap himself more times without dying? ", "Don't worry if plan A fails, there are 25 more letters in the alphabet. ", "Facebook is like jail. You sit around and waste your time, you write on walls, and poke people you don't know.", "Conspiracy to make balls earth shaped ", "A comedian does funny things. A good comedian does things funny.", "What do you get when you cross a rooster with a telephone pole? A 40-foot cock that wants to reach out and touch someone.", "The chicken crossed the road because KFC is across the street from my home. ", "A customer was buying condoms at work today. I asked if he'd like a bag? He said, \"No, she's not that ugly.\"", "Some Catholic priests can be a literal pain in the ass. ", "What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when asked to join a classical music costume contest?  \"I'll be Bach\"", "You can't hum while holding your nose. You can't hum while holding your nose.", "I asked my gym instructor if he could teach me to do the splits. He said \"How flexible are you?\". I said \"I can't make Tuesdays\".", "Is it just me or are there any other anagrams of em? ", "When a potter loses their job are they fired? ", "My wife accused me of being a transvestite. So I packed her things and left.", "Depression: Anger without enthusiasm", "They say you can\u2019t beat a dead horse, but I say if you can dream it you can do it. ", "I used to have a fear of hurdles, but I got over it. ", "I always read my wife's horoscope to see what kind of day I'm going to have. ", "Why don't U2's lawyers ever make any money? All their work is pro Bono.", "Big TV dinners=big TVs", "During my prostate exam I asked the doctor, \"where should I put my pants\"? \"Over there by mine\", was not the answer I was expecting.", "Yes, I ejaculate early. But, my wife should love me despite my short cummings. ", "You have to be light in order to have no mass. ", "Satan told me take over the world and I said, \"what you think I've been trying to do this whole time I've been alive, smoke weed and listen to billy joel?\" ", "Some people have a way with words, Others not have way.", "Ghosting: when you\u2019re so indecisive you can\u2019t even commit to breaking up with someone. ", "I met a comedian once... He was a stand-up guy. ", "They told me I had type A blood, but it was a type O. ", "What do you call a woman stretched across a tennis court? Annette", "I remember 2015 like it was yesterday.", "I put a piece of Potassium in my girlfriend's water cup to prank her , I am afraid of the reaction ", "I like to freak my dentist out by seductively licking his fingers during procedures.", "I donated blood, but it wasn't mine. [deleted]", "No one's ever thanked me for my service, then again I'm a horrible waiter. ", "Breaking News: A mass fight has broken out in a petrol station. 23 People arrested in Total.", "I'm walking the \"T\" between here and there ", "Theres nothing gay about a man sexing a man if both men are yourself, or is there? ", "Why do banks charge you a \"non-sufficient funds fee\" when they already know you don't have any?", "I cannot stand being fat. ", "After years of marriage I finally found my wife's G-spot. Turns out it was right inside my back pocket.", "i thought up a song then forgot it and have buyer's regret for the things i could have bought with the money, especially the boat. [deleted]", "ApproverypriateSorry - that was very in appropriate.", "I wrote a long thesis on Japanese Bushido in the Edo Period, it's very long but I could Samuraize it if you want. ", "I married my wife for her looks...but not the ones she's been giving me lately!", "If only insomnia was more boring. [deleted]", "What becomes shorter when you add 2 letters? Short", "I would give extra points to make a straight line longer. ", "I've had amnesia for as long as I can remember ", "I agree to your terms but not your conditions ", "I won 'BSer of the year' but no one believed me.", "Decimals have a point. ", "Who called them BBW instead of tit beasts. ", "Why did the riot police show up early to the protest? They wanted to beat the crowd.", "I broke up with this cross eyed girl. I thought she was seeing someone else.", "These counter tops look nice, but they're linoleum - don't take them for granite ", "How often did the asian cow go to the gym? Dairy", "You should check out this really expensive chair I just bought. It's in Section 6, row 20 at the stadium.", "Old Jeeps give me the Willys. ", "I was going to tell a banana joke, but it's not appealing. ", "I got fired for sticking my dick in the pickle slicer at work. She got fired too. Sorry for gherkin your chain.", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Dishes. Dishes who? Dishes the Police come out with your hands up.", "Why don't supermarkets be more honest and rename their \"Parent and Child\" spaces as \"Lazy Bastard with Massive 4x4\" spaces?", "My humbleness is my best quality.", "If you have a referee in football, what do you have in bowls? Cornflakes.", "Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.", "Never baptise your child in a font, now I have to write my son's name in comic sans. ", "I couldn't find any rutabagas at the grocery store today - they just didn't turnip. ", "I said to the chemist: 'Can I have some sleeping pills for the wife?' He said: 'Why?' I said: 'She keeps waking up.'", "Boycott $1000 a plate dinners. ", "When a man opens the door of his car for his wife, you can be sure of one thing: either the car is new or the wife.", "You know you've got a high sperm count when she has to chew before she swallows. ", "The ultimate curse is when all your Facebook messages are game invites. ", "My wife was gangraped by a group of mimes... They did unspeakable things to her. ", "For plumbers, a flush beats a full house. ", "I went on the lamb because i got tired of fucking the sheep.", "A pessimist counting his blessings, \"10...9...8...7...6...5...\"", "The only thing easier to pick up when it's heavy is women.", "Never surrender to onions. ", "Life is like a box of chocolates. It doesn't last long if you're fat.", "Circular definition: see definition, circular.", "YouTube has drastically changed my attention span from about three hours to three minutes.", "Jokes about things not getting old get old. [deleted]", "How does Nasa organize a party? They planet.", "What's the difference between a feminist and a computer? You can punch information into a computer.", "The only A+ thing about me is my blood ", "I bought a boat half price. It was on sail. ", "Just had a look when Sinead O'Connor was last trending on Twitter. It's been 7 hours and 15 days.", "That would be a good thing for them to cut on my tombstone: Wherever she went, including here, it was against her better judgment.", "Sick of being so tired? Well there's a nap for that.", "A couple went golfing but did very poorly, I guess it was the fault in their pars ", "I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous ", "Someone once randomly asked me too name two structures that hold water. Well damn ", "During a nuclear explosion, there is a certain distance of the radius where all the frozen supermarket pizzas are cooked to perfection. ", "My wife walked out on me after I blew our life savings on a penis extension. She said she just couldn't take it any longer.", "Did you hear about the animal hotel that has exclusive accommodations for squirrels? It's called The Nutcracker Suite.", "When we talk to God, we're praying. When God talks to us, we're schizophrenic.", "I don't mean to be pedantic, but does anyone actually have the 'Ghostbusters' number?", "The wife complains that I don't take any interest in our children. That's the last time I offer to pick up the fat one from school!", "My last wish with the genie was either for a brilliant memory or a huge penis. I forgot which one I chose.", "I wonder what 'DON'T TOUCH' is in Braille?", "Yo mama is so poor her face is on the front of a foodstamp.", "My friend burnt himself on a roast beef sandwich, so I asked him,\"Au jus alright?\" ", "A friend suffered an extreme reaction to cheese which resulted in having part of his foot amputated... now he has a major lactose problem. ", "What do you call a psychic midget who has escaped from prison? A small medium at large ", "Was walking round Tesco's the other day and a bloke threw a big lump of cheese at me! I thought how dairy!", "Praising deadbeat thugs for Father's Day is like saying Happy Mother's Day to a hoe who just had an abortion ", "The five stages of Monday: Denial, Anger, Bargaining, Depression, Wine.", "My Dad lost his job at the cemetary after burying someone in the wrong hole. Grave mistake!", "Procrastinate must mean that someone is really good at crastinating. [deleted]", "Went shoplifting in a Disney Store. Got the biggest Buzz ever.", "I found a book about doing cool things in the kitchen. It's called 'Kama Sutra'. ", "I went to the caucus meeting, got bored, went home and decided to learn about government by listening to Rage Against the Machine.", "Assassins wear leather because it is made of hide ", "I am fed up with second ate solutions and am now going for third rate. ", "I bought some anti-poop glasses, but now I can't see shit. ", "I got my ex lasek surgery so she could see what she is missing. ", "I just dropped my iPhone in the bath. It's syncing.", "How does a blind man know when to stop wiping his butt ? ", "Past, Present and Future walked into a bar. It was tense.", "If you're looking for advice... Never take a tip from someone who performs circumcisions ", "I went to a seafood disco last week. Pulled a mussel.", "Comas make a big difference in a sentence. For example, Ben is in a hurry. Ben is in a coma.", "What's the difference between pink and purple? The grip.", "It is easier to ask forgiveness than to ask permission.", "Why was the Energizer Bunny arrested? He was charged with battery.", "I'm bias against favouritism. ", "I don\u2019t succumb to peer pressure and neither should you. ", "I'll act my age when I'm 69.", "To all the dads, happy Father\u2019s Day; and to all their boys, happy Sunday! ", "How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.", "A dog walker was found dead in the local park, police have found the dog, but as of yet, they have no lead.", "My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night. He was caught in a trap.", "A Japanese man once tried to fake his own death. His family didn't bereave him.", "Semantic bleaching is literally the worst thing ever ", "People who use hearing protection are being ear-responsible. ", "Is gender fluid sticky? ", "I am a self-diagnosed narcissist. ", "A mute incontinent. Goes without saying.", "There must be moths on their way to the sun right now, thinking \"This is going to be totally worth it!\" (Bill Hicks)", "A woman changes her name to vageena [deleted]", "How babies learn to walk is staggering. ", "open mic comedy in Syria: people are very supportive, but there will be no one left if ANYONE bombs [deleted]", "I dropped spaghetti on my lap and now dinner's on me. ", "What do a pimp and a redneck have in common? They both know how to throw a good hoe down.", "I spilled spot remover on my dog; now he's gone. ", "Examiners are questionable. ", "The Crash Test Dummies were one-hit wonders. ", "I never dated a stripper but... I never dated a stripper but I did share a pie with a bunch of dudes once.", "What is the main cause of divorce? Marriage.", "My father only hit me once but he used a Ford. ", "I had to dig deep for this pickpocket pun. ", "The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar...it was tense. ", "Props to male porn stars, always hard at work ", "Whenever I watch E.T. I think, \"Just get to the point.\" ", "PARACHUTE FOR SALE! As new, unopened - small red patch", "I gave a speech about blowjobs, but I thought it was a bit d-motivating. ", "I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.", "Apparently if you can\u2019t aim properly, urinal lot of trouble. ", "My Korean friend died last week. So Yung.", "I dont see the issue over whether prisoners get the right to\nVote or not. Criminals get elected anyway.", "I made a huge to do list for today. I just can't figure out who's going to do it. ", "Dogs being able to lick there balls is the ultimate flex. ", "My neighbors loved the music so much when I turned it up, that they invited the police to listen.", "A rose by any other name just confuses people. ", "When asked why he went vegan, the zombie responded that it was \"a no-brainer\" ", "Hard-boiled eggs are a food you half to eat. ", "The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.", "In ancient Egypt, papyrus farmers taught people the importance of reeding. ", "It's easy to extinguish who knows what words to use and who doesn't. ", "It is my wife's birthday today so I sang to her as I washed my hands. ", "I'm sick of people lying to me. I asked three people what time it was and they all said something different.", "Productive Procrastination: The act of keeping busy with things that don't need to be done.", "I shouldn't have put her in that position; she's no missionary. ", "I was tired of masturbating, so I told my girlfriend to handle it. ", "My wife is a famous porn star. She would be pissed if she found out.", "If you can't make fun of yourself other people still can ", "Did you hear about the new Chinese Cookbook being sold only at pet stores? \n\"101 Ways to Wok Your Dog\"", "Fucking a clone of yourself is a questionable decition, but you do you. ", "Its ok to think how fortunate your future will be comes from cookies but think it comes from cakes and youre nuts ", "They say that semen contains about 1.6 terabytes worth of information. I find that hard to swallow. ", "Gutted the wife has left me! She's took the Sky Box and all my Bob Marley records too. No woman no Sky", "I've got a cloud of suspicion that everyone thinks I'm obsessed with the weather... ", "Me and my limbo team go way back.", "Irony: having a coke machine reject your dollar bill for it being rolled up too many times. ", "What did the leper say to the hooker after sex? \"You can keep the tip\"", "Life is full of uncertainties...or I could be wrong about that?", "They say one in every four men is gay, so there must be one in my group of friends. I hope it's Michael - he's super cute.", "Why aren't Mexicans ever indecisive? Because if they're on the fence too long they get caught.", "This woman came up to me on the train and said, \"Ticket, please,\" so I told her to fuck off and get her own. [deleted]", "Mother: \"Did you enjoy your first day at school?\" \nGirl: \"First day? Do you mean I have to go back tomorrow?", "What's the Difference between NHL Players and the Jersey Shore Girls? NHL Players shower after three periods.", "Apparently David Hasselhoff is changing his name to David Hoff. He can't be arsed with the Hassel anymore.", "I\u2019m willing to bet but I\u2019m not willing to bet money ", "Someone in China ate something and the whole world is washing hands. ", "Arable farming is no Bull ", "I hate Russian dolls, they're so full of themselves. ", "When I fly on a jet, my ears pop a lot; it's an earry feeling.", "The city pound keeps a cat-a-logue of strays. ", "A dog gave birth to puppies near the road and was ticketed for littering. ", "The welfare office wants you dead but the tax office wants you to live a long time ", "There was an earthquake near the Galaxy chocolate factory this morning. It sent ripples through the whole building.", "I got an autism vaccination. [deleted]", "I believe that a woman pregnant with twins is pro multiple choice ", "Wife and daughter are out of town, which means I'm the man of the house now.", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Control freak. Now you say control freak who!", "Cleavage - It's like the sun. It's okay to look, but dangerous to stare.", "Whenever life seems to go by too fast, just go to any museum, problem solved. [deleted]", "My mate walked into Carphone Warehouse, held the manager at gunpoint and made her top up his mobile phone for free.Full credit to him!", "I stubbed my toe in a library once. I had to suffer in silence.", "Don't waste your money on anti wrinkle cream. I have been using it for six months. My balls still look like walnuts.", "I had such a crap day. First my ex got run over by a bus. Then I got fired from my job as a bus driver.", "Erectile dysfunction ruined my fucking moment. ", "Do I need a masters degree to join the BDSM community? [deleted]", "Is a \"gag order\" a legal type of joke? ", "Why does my navel sounds like an asshole? ", "I hate food going to waist. ", "Faith. The final frontier for people who lisp. ", "Frankenstein is more famous than all the other monsters put together. ", "If you want to make it as a self-portrait painter it's very important that you sell yourself. ", "Moderation is key I only drink on days that start with T, like Tuesday and Thursday and today and tomorrow", "I like my coffee like I like my women. Black and bitter. ", "I almost had a threesome last night. I just needed two more people.", "In regards to birth control, condoms are for fucking pussies &amp;#x200B;", "I have the attention of a goldfish. It's been staring at me for a few minutes now.", "I think Emos just like the way their hair smells.", "Why are Native Americans the most successful strippers? Because when they dance, they make it rain.", "I was born to be a pessimist. My blood type is B Negative. ", "This sentence was originally written in Sanskrit, and only recently translated into English. ", "My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last last..He was caught in a trap..", "If you think brain surgery sounds fun and exciting you should probably have your head examined. ", "When someone calls me ugly, I get super sad and hug them, because I know how tough life is for the visually impaired.", "A dyslectic KGB spy turned out to be weird ", "Breaking a leg during an audition ensures that you will end up in the cast. ", "I'd love to have a job cleaning mirrors. It's something I could really see myself doing.", "It's real hard being a single mother when you're male and In your mid-twenties.", "Chuck Norris times zero equals Chuck Norris. ", "What's the difference between inlaws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.", "What did the rug say to the floor?Don't move, I've got you covered.", "My ex-wife had my name tattooed on her boob, but she had it removed. I've been erased from her mammary.", "Hitch hikers are the friendliest people in the world. Everytime I pass one, they give me a thumbs up!", "What do you call a Mexican who's car got stolen? Carlos", "In the desert I didn't see that well, so I died of thirst. ", "Why did the banana go to the hospital? Because he wasn't peeling well.", "I was wondering if anyone could tell me which channel I could find the Women's\u00a0FA\u00a0Cup\u00a0Final on? I've already checked cooking and comedy...", "I'm not very good at rolling blunts, but they're passable ", "God shalt have no other people before me ", "I just can't stand my wife. One of her legs won't inflate. [deleted]", "So I'm at Golden Gate bridge and everyone is telling me to jump, I'm only out for a jog!", "Why did the bacteria cross the microscope? To get to the other slide.", "Successfully surprising my disappoinments. Successfully surprising my disappoinments.", "I\u2019m not gonna lie, I\u2019m pretty good at telling the truth. ", "Whenever Malcolm X went bowling he automatically started with a strike. ", "If moths like light so much, why don't they come out during the day? ", "Fiber is some good shit ", "Have no kids? \nHire a babysitter anyway, \nsay kid is asleep upstairs and not to be woken. Return home and ask where your child is.", "Elleene Polley, inventor of the TV remote, has died. He shall be buried underneath the sofa cushions.", "Sit on my lap and we\u2019ll talk about the first thing that pops up. ", "I wear glasses when I program so I can C#. ", "What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye matey!", "Slim: the line between genius and insane.", "To the construction worker cutting wood outside my house, I know what you saw. ", "Masturbation is like procrastination\u2014it\u2019s all good fun until you realize you\u2019re just fucking yourself. ", "We all know Albert Einstein was a genius, but his brother Frank was a monster.. ", "What do you call a bullet proof scouser? Kev Laa!", "A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don\u2019t need it.", "I met a confused centaur; he said he felt like a man trapped in a horse's body. ", "I refuse to be obstinate. ", "My advice to men; marry someone who looks sexy disappointed.", "I can't wait to see my wife's face light up when she opens the fridge I got her for Christmas. ", "Dont beat your meat Beat your wife\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n\\-Steve jobs", "Me and my mate were fighting over which was the best vowel. I won!", "I want time to go by faster so I filled my hourglass with quicksand. ", "How come there is no other name for thesaurus?", "A rapist in the hand is better than two in the bush. [deleted]", "Recent survey: 43% of people admitted to tixting wylst droving.", "The best time to start thinking about your retirement is before the boss does.", "You actually kill a chicken by overcooking it. ", "Pronouns are often misused in they opinion. ", "Immature: A word boring people use to describe fun people.", "When i told my fellow astronaut that I can\u2019t find any milk for my coffee, he said \u201cIn space, no one can. Here, use cream\u201d ", "I just got a new ringtone. This anal bleaching really is good!", "WHYLIVE [removed]", "Last letter of artist ", "It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer. ", "I hope the pubs open soon. I need to cut down on my drinking. ", "Dating profiles be like (. .) ( . . ) ( . . ) ( . . ) ( . . ) ", "I once spent so much time thinking of a oneliner, I ended up at the hospital...in line...and then the ER... ", "Why are domestic violence jokes funny? They always have great punchlines", "Don't look now, but there's one too many in this room and I think it's you.", "Once upon a time, computers were only used for Paint and Space Pinball.", "I go to all these step-by-step programs and I still don't know how to dance.", "Winner of \"World's Loneliest Man\" at award ceremony has no one to thank ", "People often say that my life must be tough living with erectile dysfunction, but honestly, it's not so hard. ", "How many Feminists does it take to change a light bulb? That's not funny!!!", "How do snails fight? They slug it out.", "I went to the shop to buy some camouflage trousers earlier. But I couldn't find any.", "What do you call a man who comes in through the letter box?Bill.", "It drives me crazy when people don\u2019t use punctuation no commas no periods no nothing ", "10 things you will never know about me: \n1-", "Virginity is like a bubble, one prick and it's gone.", "I was going to write a novel about an ex-con, but I took him out of context. ", "I\u2019ve got viagraphobia and it makes me scared stiff. ", "A Rectangle fell in love with a pair of Parallel Lines and it said, \"you took my breadth away!\" ", "The misdeeds of past coalitions of big companies is why I have trust issues. ", "Three Nazis walk into a bar ", "I always give plumbers a special dance for making it drain ", "The conductor lost his train of thought after the engine derailed. ", "The two guys caught drinking battery acid will soon be charged. ", "So I was fucking an entrepreneur on my chaise lounge, pardon my French... [deleted]", "I fell asleep watching the Cosby Show and now my ass hurts. ", "What's the cheapest kind of meat? Deer balls, They're under a buck!", "I got so drunk the beer was drinking me ", "I used to be indecisive, but now I\u2019m not so sure. ", "I phoned in sick today. Boss: \"Exactly how sick are you?\" Me: \"Well, I'm in bed with my 12 year old niece.\"", "I've got more political correctness in my middle finger than you have in your whole hand [deleted]", "What do you call a hot dog with a sweater? A chili dog ", "A dentist and a manicurist married. They fought tooth and nail.", "There are 3 types of people in this world. Those who can count, and those who can't. ", "Dumb Alex way more funner than smart Alex ", "Short people are always looked down upon. ", "My wife says I'm completely blind to her needs but I just don't see it. ", "I got a book coming out. Not sure why I shoved it up there to begin with. ", "Deja Moo--Feeling like you've heard this Bull Crap before.", "I hate jokes that rely on visual imagery. I've had it right up to here with them.", "Constipated people are full of shit. ", "Pufferfish must be Islamic because they blow themselves up. ", "I've decided to stop wearing glasses. Cos it makes me look harder.", "Atheists don't solve exponential equations because they don't believe in higher powers. ", "To neigh or not to neigh. That is equestrian.", "What did the triangle say to the circle? You're so pointless.", "How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two. (Hint:  They are small enough to fit inside).", "I caught a mime artist with headphones listening to the pretenders. ", "What did Ahmed say about his sudden fame after building a clock? [deleted]", "A boy w/ diarrhea tells his Mom he needs Viagra. She asks \"Why do u need that\" He says \"That's what u give Dad when his shit won't get hard\"", "An Uncle died, left several hundred clocks to a niece, she's busy winding up the estate.", "What's got two legs and bleeds a lot? Half a dog.", "It's always funny until someone gets hurt. Then it's hilarious.", "you hear of delusions of grandeur but never actual grandeur ", "Why are redneck murders the hardest to solve? All the DNA matches and there's no dental records.", "A will is a dead giveaway A will is a dead giveaway", "California is a fine place to live - if you happen to be an orange.", "I thought I had kicked the habit of stealing board games, but there was one last Risk I had to take. ", "My ex wife died so to honor her, I poured a fine, 12 year old bottle of scotch on her grave. But first I filtered it through my kidneys.", "With great power comes great respectability. ", "What's yellow and square?A tomato in disguise.", "Great song, it\u2019s not a bad track, all you have to do is mute the volume. ", "Two years ago I asked my dream girl on a date. Today I asked her to marry me. She said no on both occasions.", "When someone gets something wrong on Jeopardy, does Alex Trebek question his own answer? ", "Why can Mario smash bricks with his head but dies when he gets touched by a turtle?", "Flag industry in Iran is on FIRE! ", "Gynaecologist, at your cervix.", "Two lorries carrying playing cards have crashed. Police are dealing with the incident.", "When a pessimist has nothing to worry about, he worries about why he has nothing to worry about.", "My girlfriend is like a plunger, always bringing up old shit! ", "It all makes sense. If pro is opposite of con, then the opposite of progress..", "If the Russians attacked, the Trump administration would definitely put out a spread ", "When I see ads on TV with smiling, happy housewives using a new cleaning product, the only thing I want to buy are the meds they must be on. ", "There is a God but he has no powers and didn't create the universe ", "My wife is temperamental. 50% temper, 50% mental.", "Mexican word of the day... Budweiser. She has a great body, Budweiser face so ugly?", "The average person has sex 89 times a year, this is going to be one hell of a couple of days. ", "Minimum wage is for maximum losers.", "A good friend is worth pursuing. But why would a good friend be running away from me?", "I told my wife that she drew her eyebrows on too high. She seemed surprised. ", "What does idk stand for? Literally everyone I ask says they don't know.", "I've just been told that a new belt and a new bag are not great Xmas presents by the wife! Even though her Hoover picks up superbly now..", "Why don't Italians like Jehovah's Witnesses? Italians don't like any witnesses..", "I had to quit my job at the orange juice factory. I just couldn't concentrate.", "My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the local zoo. ", "I eat a raw egg every day and then I go throw up. ", "I under stand the ladder and thats why the bucket of paint on it cant fall on me ", "Do you know what's coming back in style? Boomerangs.", "Girl are you sitting on an F5 key? Cause that ass is refreshing.", "This is Motown weather...3 Degrees, Four Tops. ", "A eunuch's life is hard. ", "I will start watching it when it's called \"dancing off a cliff\"", "\"There are many sides to every issue\", I said, in a glowing review of Appetizer Magazine ", "My crazy mate just jumped into a river in Paris. He's in Seine.", "What is the difference between a Mercedes and a Lexus? Princess Diana wouldn't be caught dead in a Lexus", "Short term memory loss, the gift that keeps on giving ", "\"DANGER, DO NOT TOUCH\" must be the scariest thing to read in Braile. ", "The other day I sent my girlfriend a huge pile of snow. I rang her up, I said ''Did you get my drift?''.", "People spitting and cattle shitting seem the same to me! ", "I bet Sean Connery has a hard time teaching his dog to sit. ", "Remember boys, flies spread disease...so keep yours closed. ", "It isn't sexist to discriminate against transgenders. ", "Don't you hate cliffhangers ", "My fear of moving stairs is escalating. ", "What did the prostitute say when she got out of the psychiatrist's shower? Well, that's another load off of my chest.", "What does a clock do when its hungry? Go back for seconds.", "You can pick your friends and pick your nose, but you can't pick your friend's nose", "At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog he is adopted? ", "- What is better than 4 roses on a piano? Two lips on an organ", "5 out of 6 scientists say Russian Roulette is safe.", "The top commentator is a top rephraser ", "People say I drink a lot but I don't remember ever blacking out ", "Why don't Baptists screw standing up? They're afraid people might think they're dancing.", "Gay jokes aren't funny. Come on guys!", "Someone threw a piece of cheese at me in the supermarket, I didn't think it was very mature.", "conjunctivitis.com - Now that's a sight for sore eyes! ", "I thought I'd been stung on the tongue by a murder hornet while eating sushi, turned out it wasabi ", "My dad was fired from his job in road work for theft. I didn't believe it at first, but when I got home all the signs were there.", "I can do without abstinence. ", "I accidentally swapped my dads sleeping pills with my viagra. He says it's a lot harder getting to sleep these days. ", "Never judge a song by it's cover. [deleted]", "I enjoy people watching... mostly this one woman ", "I hate catheters; they're always taking the piss. ", "I was in Tesco the other day and couldn't work out which pasta I needed to buy. Then the penne dropped.", "If someone wants to say the word \u201cmotel\u201d backwards, just letom. ", "Cowboys don't roll joints, they tumble weed. ", "I took my tomcats to get neutered today. No hard felines.", "Did you hear about the cat who swallowed a ball of wool? It had mittens.", "Roses are red. Violets are blue. I've got a knife. Get in the back of the van.", "Maybe fear is God\u2019s way of saying, \u201cPay attention, this could be fun.\u201d ", "Receiving oral sex from an ugly person is like rock climbing. You should never look down.", "What's another word for thesaurus?", "Several years ago I came up with the idea of writing a play about the movement to eliminate pay toilets. I've been sitting on the idea for a number of years, but I feel I can stall no longer.", "Shout out to the hard of hearing ", "My neighbor was bragging about his new 1.8 liter Honda, so I told him I just bought a 2.0 liter Mountain Dew. ", "Grenades are just abominable ", "Dietary fiber is the shit ", "The best Christmas present is a broken drum, because you just can't beat it. ", "When life hands you lemons, you begin to question life's fruit giving related decision making. ", "What do you get when you combine a rhetorical question and a joke? [deleted]", "I want a woman who is willing to do unusual sex acts, like having sex with me. [deleted]", "There are two types of people in this world. People who pee in the shower, and dirty freaking liars.", "I'm going to change my last name to \"Ficialntelligence\" and then have a baby boy and name my son \"Arty\" ", "How can you spot the blind guy at the nudist colony? It's not hard.", "My mate just showed me his amazing new wind turbine..I was blown away!", "What do a dwarf and a midget have in common? Very little.", "I find inspirations in cooking my family and my dog. ", "I am a narcissist and a pessimist, which means I am certain that I will succeed in life, but by such a small margin that it will be meaningless in the end. ", "I'm a bit worried that one of my balls is bigger than the other two. ", "Chuck Norris doesn't need a catch phrase. They need him. ", "I don't have a bad temper, it's just that my Fight or Flight Response has a bit of a stuttering problem.... ", "Tip to reduce weight: Turn your head to the left then turn to the right. Repeat this exercise every time you are offered something to eat.", "Why did the little girl fall off the swings? Because she has no arms.", "If a plane is an aircraft, does that make a broom a witchcraft?", "A bad cardiothoracic surgeon always puts their entire heart into their work. ", "What do I get when I pour my Root Beer into a square mug? Just Beer.", "Research shows that 6 out of 7 dwarves aren't Happy.", "The European debt crisis is so confusing, it's like Greek to me. ", "I had two jokes about prime factors, but they were one and the same. ", "After years of teasing my girlfriend about her anorexia, she finally snapped. ", "Karma is only a bitch if you are.", "If you want your water bed to be more bouncy, use spring water. ", "Why did the painting go to jail? It was framed. ", "Do lesbian squirrels still eat nuts? ", "There's plenty of fish in the sea, but until I catch one, I'm just stuck here holding my rod. ", "Synonym rolls...just like grammar used to make. ", "I\u2019m reading a book on the history of glue \u2013 just can\u2019t put it down. ", "I've always had terrible luck with women...My first wife died and my second won't ", "I used to date a girl with a squint but she said she couldn't see me anymore. ", "Why did the sperm cross the road? Because I put on the wrong socks before I went for a walk.", "I didn't know whether to buy a toy or a pet so I bought a rattlesnake. ", "Roses are red, Violets are blue, I've got dementia, Cheese on toast.", "To termites, a group of dead trees is an arbor eat'um. ", "I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it -Mitch Hedberg ", "PMS jokes are not funny or appropriate. Period! ", "Cheezits twice swearing while hungry", "If you want sympathy, you'll find it in the dictionary between shit and syphilis! ", "Footloose I took the heel off one of my shoes, the difference was staggering.", "I don't know why, but someone keeps mysteriously adding soil to my allotment patch each night. The plot thickens.", "God wants spiritual fruit, not religious nuts.", "I walk by the clock to pass the time.", "What do my son and wine have in common? They're both white, two years old, and in a box in my refrigerator.", "It might look like I\u2019m doing nothing, but at the cellular level I\u2019m really quite busy.", "2 guys walk into a bar, and the 3rd one ducks. [deleted]", "My life as a car interior thief has taken a backseat. ", "Wanna hear a knock-knock joke? Okay, Two guys walk into a bar..", "Why do pediatricians get so frustrated? They have very little patients.", "What did sushi A say to sushi B? WASSA-B!", "I stayed up all night trying to figure out what will happen at 4am. Then it dawned on me. ", "Clones are people, too [deleted]", "Equal, is not real, sugar. ", "First coffee makes you get up and go, then it makes you sit down and go. ", "I had a huge fight with my girlfriend yesterday, but I know she'll come crawling back to me. I stole her wheelchair.", "I think I may be emotionally constipated, because I haven't given a crap in days! ", "A good politician knows how to explain what is going to happen in the future, and then why it didn't happen.", "What do you call a girl with one leg? Eileen ", "Putting pickles in potato salad is the surefire, Vlasic way of Claussen an argument. ", "My Doctor gave me something to treat my haemorrhoids. But personally, I'm not so sure they deserve a treat.", "How does a Lead Guitar player change a light bulb? He doesn't, he just steals someone else's light!", "If laziness were a disability I'd have my own parking spot. ", ". What you seek is seeking you.\n-Rumi", "When I noticed \u201cHI\u201d in the alphabet, I thought someone was actually going to be my friend, but then, I saw the next two letters. ", "Simply put a % sign after your age to see how dead you are... ", "I bet you a dollar you won\u2019t give me a dollar. ", "I'm having car trouble. I can't afford to put the gas in.", "Super Bowl: The only show that makes me want to watch the commercials.", "It's proving very difficult to find a shop selling, \"Left Guard\" for my other armpit. ", "I just spent all day looking for a cat with one eye. I think I would of found it if I used both.", "Teacher: A person who helps you solve problems you wouldn't have without them.", "The most terrifying thing a woman can say to me is \"notice anything different?\"", "Why do the speedbumps scream when i pick my kid up from school? ", "I'm currently on chapter 257 on my novel about unnecessary stoppages. ", "I have issues when it comes to comic book subscriptions ", "Incel parties aren't much to celebate. ", "I don't drink alcohol for religious reasons. I drink it for other reasons.", "Conjunctivitus.com Now that's a site for sore eyes.", "Amanda thought it'd be unsafe for me to walk home in my bikini, but I made it back all in one piece. ", "Hair salons are closed, nail salons are closed, makeup stores are closed...its about to get real ugly out here ", "Hello, my name is Christopher... but for short I go by Christ. ", "The only thing Facebook is good for is saving me money on birthday cards.", "What did the Indian boy say to his mom before he left? Mumbai", "Corona added \"Quarantine\" to most people's Vocabulary. ", "Not sure if the world is ready for ejaculating clocks but I guess we'll know when the time comes. ", "If Yolo County, California has a yearly \"Hold my beer!\" festival, I bet it's EPIC. ", "Why do birds fly south for the winter? Cos it's too far to walk.", "A lot of people cry when they cut onions, but the trick is not to form an emotional bond. ", "I am addicted to porn, and I need to beat it. [deleted]", "Lol.  Please certify your entitlement by checking the declaration box. ", "I wouldn\u2019t kill myself if my life depended on it. ", "When the Big Bang took place, nothing mattered. ", "If there was only one bitch then all the sons of bitches would be brothers ", "My mate fucking hates his surname, Potato. Although not as much as his wife, Jackie does.", "What do you call an Indian peeping tom? Mustafa Ganda", "I told my wife we can have sex or go see Star Wars, she said, I'm on my period and Star Wars is sold out. She pulled some strings and got me in.", "What's the difference between chopped beef and pea soup?\nEveryone can chop beef, but not everyone can pea soup!", "How many therapists does it take to change a light bulb? Just one, but the light bulb has to want to change", "Did you hear about the hard of hearing Mexican racist? He tried to join the que que que.", "Nothing pisses me off more than outrage. ", "I'm proud of my humility.", "Did you hear that two men went to prison for stealing a calendar? They both got six months", "You\u2019ll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace. ", "Crime in a multi-storey carpark- it's wrong on so many different levels [deleted]", "Unbrella: An umbrella which has no further use, as when a force of wind turns it inside-out", "I read that a banana a day helps to keep your colon clean, but I just wish someone had told me I was supposed to eat them. ", "I've been sleeping with my girlfriend and her twin, but luckily I can tell them apart. Her brother has a moustache.", "It was a stroke of genius when Einstein hired the prostitute. ", "When cars will get AI we will be able to drive them mad. ", "Why aren't iphone chargers called apple juice?", "I can't play the drums while masturbating because I'm always just a beat off. ", "I can count all my friends on one middle finger. ", "If there's one thing I can't STAND, it's entitled people who think they're as deserving as I am. ", "Would prostitution be considered retail or holesale? ", "\u202aWhen the aliens took over the company, there were no more Human Resources.\u202c ", "Is it my imagination or was music better when ugly people were allowed to make it? ", "I used to be addicted to soap. But now I'm clean.", "\"Androgyny\" is hard to define. ", "The fact that I can't lick my elbows frustrates me to the point that I'm beginning to have suicidal thoughts. ", "Changing my Facebook language to Spanish. So now instead of a \"Like\" button, I have a \"Me Gusta\" button.", "Geno Smith went to throw a punch back, but it was short a few yards.", "I have a joke about procrastination that I'm going to post soon. ", "If you are the last person on Earth then everything is legal ", "I just got back from China; I feel pretty disoriented. ", "I was having a dip at the swimming pool when the lifeguard asked, 'What have you got there?' I replied 'Hummus'", "you cant fire me for thinking Im better than others cuz thats my religious belief ", "Why did the blonde snort splenda? She thought it was diet coke. ", "Interesting fact: if you read my CV word by word, I'm unemployable. ", "Lori Loughlin is hoping the judge will haaaaave mercy ", "Save on syllab ", "A fisherman tried boxing, but he only threw hooks. ", "My vision is bad today, but tomorrow it'll be 2020. ", "Did anyone see the joke I posted recently about my spine? It was about a weak back. ", "What's the other word for synonym?", "Funny Laws-Alaska: it is considered an offense to push a moose out of an airplane.", "I dump so much of my crap into my diary so I\u2019m thinking of calling it my diarrhoea. ", "When Aryabhatta checked my exam papers, he invented zero.", "Do nations with large populations have less stress because there are more people to blame? ", "What do you say to God when he sneezes?", "So what if I don't know what the word apocalypse means. it's not like it's the end of the world. ", "Life is too short to be cynical. ", "How many light bulbs does it take to change a light bulb? Two. The light bulb you remove and the light bulb you replace it with.", "Andy Dufresne should have called his library Prose and Cons ", "There are two types of people in the world. Those who need closure and... ", "Use a ramp if you feel inclined. ", "I used to wake up at the crack of Dawn, but then she left me. ", "I want to kill the hottest person alive, but suicide is a crime.", "My taste in women has always been a bit fishy. ", "I hate it when my neighbor's kids cry at night. Maybe I should give them back.", "Your mouth spews shit and your anus is stuffed with meat ", "I failed my audition as Romeo through a misunderstanding over a stage direction. My copy of the script said: 'Enter Juliet from the rear'", "Nissan used to make a crossover called the \"Juke\", but now I guess it's gone Rogue. ", "Some Alligators can grow up to 15 feet but most only have 4... ", "Why are there so many Smiths in the phone book? Cos they all have phones.", "I would like to thank my middle finger for always sticking up for me when I needed it. ", "With enough money you become immortal as you can't be killed, but can be assassinated ", "When it comes to the limbo, I'm raising the bar. ", "Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff, ba dum tss ", "Don't take a diuretic before you drink a bottle of Pinot Blanc, or you'll soon wish you could pinot more. ", "I didn\u2019t think I\u2019d like my sister\u2019s new boyfriend, the hockey player, but it turns out he\u2019s a keeper. ", "How do you keep a blonde busy for years? Tell her to count the stairs on an escalator.", "I've just been assaulted by a troupe of mime artists. They performed unspeakable acts on me!", "I like to tease my dyslexic dwarf friend alot. Its not big and its not clever.", "Those who criticise our generation seem to forget who raised it.", "I wrote this joke about a hipster, but he laughed before it was funny. ", "I can't remember the Alzheimer's pill\u2019s name but it is on the tip of my tongue. ", "2020 days of the week... Mopeday Snoozeday Whatday? Blursday Frieday Sataday and Someday. ", "I haven't slept for three days, Because that would be too long.", "Did you hear about the fight in the lion house at the zoo? A lion called another a cheetah.  Personally, I think he was lion.", "What do you call an angry German? A sour kraut.", "I hope actreas Jessica Biel names her first child 'Batmo'. ", "What's a Canadian's favorite letter? A.", "Cows that have a sense of humor are just laughing stock. ", "I write \"whioncele\" every once in a while. ", "The clairvoyant Christian charges a fortune to read Psalms ", "they kept thanking me so I said dont be so gratitudeous ", "Why is Jesus bad at crossword puzzles? Because he gets stuck on across and can't get down either", "Just in Tesco and I put my veggies in with my Nintendo. Now my Wii smells of asparagus.", "I got slapped at work today. I only asked if she spits or swallows. It seemed like a reasonable question considering we work as wine tasters", "Simba was walking too slow, so I told him to Mufasa!", "I loved a Taurus , she bulldozed me! ", "Being a bachelor is great. You get home-cooked meals, along with a variety of cooks. ", "My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last last. He was caught in a trap..", "How are an Arkansas Tornado and an Arkansas divorce the same? Somebody's gonna lose a trailer.", "Yo mama so old..she still owes Jesus 5 dollars ", "Got fired today because I was caught masturbating with a vegetable. Nursing homes have strict rules about what you can do with patients.", "Prostitutes do not give a fuck. ", "What does American beer and sex in a canoe have in common? [deleted]", "Today I saw a broke down short bus. ", "What did Barack Obama say to Michelle when he proposed? \"I don't wanna be Obama self\"", "What does Arnold Schwarzenegger call a colonoscopy? A Cameron Diaz #SayItOutLoud", "What president never closed his eyes or changed his name? Abraham Lincoln. He was always Abe Lincoln", "There was a robbery at the Hotel recently,The Robber took out a Gun,The Security Guard took out His Phone,and the Hotel took out trivago. ", "If you ever get attacked by a circus, go for the juggler.", "...but you can halve your cake and eat it in two ", "Avoiding prepositions at the end of sentences is nothing off on of which to slack. ", "Clones are people two. ", "theres 1 place if you die there they just leave you to rot, and thats when you go camping in your own coffin laying in your own grave ", "Thieves who steal corn from a garden could be charged with stalking. ", "Watching Jeopardy backward is like seeing 3 panelists ask questions where Trebek always gets them right", "What do you do with 365 used condoms? ll them up into a tire and call it a Goodyear", "I always found the fishmonger at our local market to be pretty unfriendly. In fact I'd describe him as a little standoffish.", "I thought I was pretty current when I broke the light speed barrier, but apparently, that's for another time. ", "If you had the choice between World Peace or all of Bill Gates money, which colour Ferrari would you buy? ", "Come to Myspace and Twitter my Yahoo \nTil' I Google all over your Facebook.", "An angel came and told me God has been hearing my prayers...and they're really creeping Him out.", "\"Ah, it's so damn dark!\" -Bat, trying to wake up [deleted]", "My surgeon asked me if he should operate my tumour, I told him it was a no brainer ", "There\u2019s two types of people who don\u2019t like Easter. Type 1 People on diets and Type 2 Diabetics. ~ Gary Delaney &amp;#x200B;", "I got arrested for killing a black man. They charged me with impersonating a police officer.", "My dog went to the flea circusand stole the show.", "Facebook forces you to be an optimist by taking away your dislike button, so I dislike them so much I use Reddit instead ", "Ignoranus: an ignorant butthole.", "I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.", "My wife said to me, \"I'm fed up with you being so lazy, pack your bags and leave.\" I said, \"You pack them.\"", "If you're ever attacked by a mob of clowns, go for the juggler. ", "Childhood is like being drunk. Everyone remembers what you did, except you.", "I've got a friend whose nickname is 'shagger'. You might think that's pretty cool. She doesn't like it.", "Retro Shopping: comparing prices after you have bought the item.", "Is it OK to date both of my hands at the same time? [deleted]", "Marriage is like a deck of cards. In the beginning all you need is 2 hearts and a diamond. By the end you wish you'd a club and a spade.", "The invention of the shovel was groundbreaking. ", "Disney World - a people trap operated by a mouse.", "I bought a microscope for my girlfriend; she really ought to gain weight or something. ", "I had to call the Elvis impersonator hotline yesterday. Got told to press; 1 for the money 2 for the show", "My friend died doing what he loved \u2026 Heroin. ", "If a man is straight for another man he isnt ", "A comedian entered a joke contest and sent in ten of his best one-liners and waited to see if he had won. Sadly no pun in ten did.", "Someone dropped their Scrabble in the middle of the road. That's the word on the street anyway.", "Every morning I wake up at the crack of Dawn, I really wish she would wear clothes. ", "So I saw a magic tractor today. It was driving down the street and turned into a field.", "If I was a burglar, I would take a shower after every burglary. I want to be sure to get a clean getaway.", "The only computers I trust with my women are Unix.", "A wannabe necromancer gave a corpse up for adoption because he can't raise the dead. ", "What do you say if a shooting range catches on fire?", "I know the secret to making a successful oneliner. ", "Thought I did great my first time fishing, but it was just a fluke. ", "I was writing a letter with invisible ink, but I didn\u2019t realize I ran out. ", "Once I get a few drinks inside me, I find there is one thing I cannot stand. Up.", "It took me a long time to figure out I'm a slow learner. ", "If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.", "I used to be a shepherd, but had no idea how many sheep I had, just kept falling asleep trying to count them. ", "The reason I don't watch Jersey Shore is because I can watch talking carrots on VeggieTales.", "I dont take out my trash because garbage can ", "My girlfriend asked me to put ketchup on the shopping list, now I can't read a damn word on it. ", "What do you call a fish without an eye? A fsh.", "My local candle shop burned down yesterday while everyone just stood outside singing, \u201cHappy Birthday\u201d. ", "What did the girl with no arms get for Christmas? Gloves. Only joking, she hasnt opened her presents yet", "So glad I don't have to  hunt for food. I don't even know where sandwiches live.", "I used to work at a cat shelter but I had to quit because they reduced meowers. ", "It might be just my opinion, but its a FACT that its my opinion, and you cant argue with FACTS ", "Autocorrect doesn't work whether you are a jew or a genital. ", "These damn millennials, walking around like they rent the place. ", "How do you stop millions of children from going to bed hungry every night? Take away their beds", "My dog ate my reading homework, now I have to look for context poos. ", "The result of crossbreeding a melon and a collie produced sad and depressing results ", "Cemeteries are gated because people are dying to get in. ", "I\u2019ve said this before and I\u2019ll say it again: I hate redundancy. ", "Ground beef is just another term for a turf war. ", "I like my coffee like I like my women, full of booze. ", "Finally got out of bed, to go and lay on the couch. ", "As soon as women see me, they immediately in shape to impress me. They start running.", "When I see so many reality TV shows about little people, I\u2019m glad we don\u2019t have a dwarf shortage. [deleted]", "When I asked my friend how he's doing, he said \"man, I'm just happy to be breathing\". I told him he should have bigger aspirations.", "Embargo spelled backwards is O grab me. ", "About to watch a film with my girlfriend. Can anyone recommend a girlfriend?", "If you can\u2019t learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.", "You should never tell jokes standing under a window, just in case it cracks up. ", "Marriage is a relationship wherein one person is always right and the other person is the husband.", "Before Mother Mary was around, some women claimed to have given birth to Jesus but were dismissed by the Church as Prima Donnas. ", "It's true, I really dislike dried grapes, but that doesn't make me a Raisinist. [deleted]", "They say I'm paranoid, but They also killed JFK, blew up the World Trade Centers and hired aliens to build the pyramids, SO WHO DO YOU REALLY TRUST?! ", "I started a non-profit organization that hired assassins to go after fortune tellers but they saw it coming. ", "Why was the mathematician late for work? He took the rhombus. ", "I tried having sex on a railroad track, but the train came first. ", "There's reports coming in about an unexplained explosion that's caused a 75ft deep hole in Trafalgar Square! Police are looking into it.", "If I ever meet the lazy jerk who wrote the dictionary, I'll really have some words for him ", "What do you call a man who always wins? Victor!", "What did the cheese say when it saw it's self in the mirror? Halloumi!", "A man before marriage, is a dude, but a man after marriage, is subdued. ", "What's the difference between iron-man and iron woman? One is a superhero and the other is a command.", "My grandpa has the heart of a lion... now we're both banned from the zoo ", "I\u2019m aspirin\u2019 to be a chemist. ", "Everyone's brave until a cockroach starts flying. ", "Why did the banker dump his girlfriend? He lost interest. ", "Where's my road map training course? ", "Why did the flattened can of Coke want to off itself? Because it was soda pressed!", "Did you hear about the new farmers dating site? It's full of hoes.", "Overdosing on Viagra was the hardest day of my life. ", "I love you. I love other words, too.", "Some people get married only for the matri-money. ", "Are straight and gay pirates after the same booty?", "What do terrorists do on vacation? They go waterboarding.", "Something just occurred to me. Why are all the 'intelligent life' finding sources pointed away from earth?", "First rule of Thesaurus Club. You don't talk, converse, discuss, speak, chat, deliberate, confer, gossip, utter...", "Age is a state of mind; if nobody states my age, I certainly won't mind. ", "Why did the joke about the roof get no laughs? It went over their heads.", "My cat is recovering from a massive stroke.", "A bargain is something you cannot use at a price you cannot resist.\"", "Napoleon. Give him the French and he'll take the Nile. ", "I've made a complete 180 and got into a pretty bad car accident. ", "Have you ever seen Puns: The Musical? If not, you really should. It's a great play on words.", "Climbing Everest because it's there is stupid, your mom is there but I don't screw her ", "Wedding rings are too much like little handcuffs.", "My brother is in prison for something he didn't do--run fast enough.", "My boss has just warned me that he has received complaints I'm a pervert. To be honest, I don't understand why, as I'm always hard at work", "The waitress says \"say when\" while grating my cheese. I never say when. The room fills up with parmesan. There are no survivors. ", "Phoned the Tinnitus helpline earlier but it just kept ringing. ", "Nothing doesn't exist ", "If the Pillsbury Doughboy overdosed on pain killers and died, the headline would read \"Pills Bury Dough-Boy\" ", "If you're tired of boiling water every time you make pasta, just boil a few gallons at the beginning of the week and freeze it for later! ", "\"Be aggressive....be be aggressive\" is not an appropriate cheer to give someone stricken with cancer. ", "A lighthouse is actually very heavy. ", "Man, choking on sugar seems like the sweetest way to die! ", "Time flies when you're having fun; fruit flies get drunk on ethanol. ", "My girlfriend said to me \"sex is better on vacation\". That wasn't a very nice postcard to receive.", "Why was Michael Jackson once spotted at K-Mart? He heard child's pants were half off.", "What country does fried fish swim in? Greece", "I think my spell Czech is broken.", "How did I escape Iraq? Iran", "I think my mate from the Greater Manchester area may be a transvestite. He has a Wigan address.", "Next time I need an idiot, I'll go myself. ", "More free food you serve, wider the audience get ", "The best thing about Boolean is that even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit. [deleted]", "I'm currently on chapter 257 of my novel about unnecessary stoppages. ", "Me and my friend used to rob places blind, because we liked the challenge. ", "Condoms come in three sizes. Small, medium, and liar.", "What's a pirate's favorite letter? You'd think it would be the arrr but it's really the sea.", "So it turns out that every office is NSFW now [deleted]", "Was on Yahoo! Answers and saw a question. \n\"How big is the specific ocean?\"\nI replied, \" Can you be more pacific? \"", "I'm terrified of negative numbers. I'll stop at nothing to avoid them.", "A Mexican magician tells the audience that he will disappear on the count of three. Uno, dos... then *poof* he disappeared without a tres!", "I don't think I've ever cleaned my bathroom mirror which reflects badly on me. ", "I annoyed my friend so he mixed up my Tic Tacs; that's one of his Tac Tics. ", "I ate a ploughman's lunch the other day. He wasn't very happy.", "My wife asked me if we could have something more 'Christmassy' on the television. So I put Fifa on and played in snowy conditions.", "I've just saved a ton of cash on the latest iPhone. I didn't buy one.", "I'm trying to read a book on how to relax, but I keep falling asleep.", "I came here to do TWO things: a biathlon, ", "I'm not racist, I hate everyone equally. ", "It's starting to look suspicious - another world's oldest person has died. ", "I arranged a pessimists meeting today, it wasn't a great turn out. The room was half empty.", "When I wanted to marry a Canadian, it was important to her parents that I would convert, so right away I put them at ease by telling them that a gallon is 3.785 litres. ", "It doesn\u2019t matter what it is. If it glows in the dark, It's automatically cool.", "[Here are ten things I hate about clickbait. Number four will shock you!] (https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) [deleted]", "Paying rent is like hitting a snooze button on being homeless.", "This guy's going around dipping his testicles in glitter, which is pretty nuts. ", "So I can't pronounce Native American tribe names, Si-oux me. [deleted]", "Why does nobody seem to know what \u201cIDK\u201d means? ", "Our local 'maths themed' cafe is currently running a reduced service.... Take away only. ", "Have you heard the one about the baby with AIDS? It never gets old.", "What do you call a fish with three eyes? Fiiish", "\"LIZARD!\"...\"lizard\"...\"lizard\"...there must be a gecko in here... ", "Have you ever seen the inside of an ac compressor? It's really cool. ", "How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb? Only two, but they have to be really small.", "It never hurts to ask, unless you need jaw treatment. ", "Jokes about communism aren't funny unless everyone gets them. ", "Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.", "Appreciate geology puns and don\u2019t take the earth for granite ", "A hamburger walks into a bar. The bartender goes \"sorry we don't serve food here\".", "What do you call a run down Italian neighbourhood?The Spaghetto.", "My wife was furious at me for kicking dropped ice-cubes under the refrigerator, but now it\u2019s just water under the fridge. ", "She was only a moonshine maker, but I loved her still. ", "You know what I hate about people leaving jokes unfinished? ", "My struggle with steroid addiction has only made me stronger. ", "Dear Autocorrect, No one uses the word 'ducking', absolutely no one. ", "You know its cold when you can make snow angels in the bath. ", "5 out of 6 scientists say that Russian roulette is safe. ", "My wife was furious with me today because I put a stick in a non-stick pan. ", "At night I used to lie in my twin bed and wonder where my brother was. -good ol Mitch Hedberg RIP-", "Did you ever notice that from the time you hang up the phone until the pizza guy shows up, the only conversation you have is \u201cWhere\u2019s the guy with our pizza?\u201d [removed]", "My new years resolution is not to procrastinate.....oh, shoot!", "Two fish in a tank. One says to the other \"Do you know how to drive this?\"", "Why should we appreciate gays [removed]", "There's no reason to be tailgating me when I'm doing 50 in a 35...and those flashing lights on your car look stupid.", "If you can't make both ends meet then make one end a vegetable. ", "I think \"Shots\" by LMFAO was paid off by doctors during flu season.", "I went to the local Kleptomaniacs Anonymous meeting, but all the seats were taken. ", "Relationship update....Playing strip Solitaire . ", "How did Darth Vader know what Luke has gotten him for Christmas? He felt his presents.", "My friend told me today that I don't understand what irony is. Which was ironic, because we were at a bus stop.", "There's a lot of fish in the sea. Might as well catch a few, gut them, and throw them back in.", "Googling ways to dispose of a body, mostly to freak out the asshole behind me on the bus who keeps staring at my laptop screen ", "Did you hear about the mathematician who's afraid of negative numbers? He'll stop at nothing to avoid them.", "Running away doesn't help you with your problems, unless you're fat.", "Kids shouldn't smoke... If you make a big enough fire. ", "English teachers put more thoughts into novels than the authors do.", "At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog that he's adopted? ", "Funny Laws-Alaska: persons may not live in a trailer as it is being hiked across the city.", "My son is using a calculator, a spreadsheet, an abacus and a slide rule to work out 32/8...he's got a lot to answer four. ", "There is always a chance when you are playing Monopoly ", "I just drank clearasil. It really hits the spot.", "Even if there is nothing to laugh about, laugh on credit.", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Nobel. Nobel who? No bell so I had to knock.", "What do you call a singing laptop? Adele.", "If you do not like the answer, you shouldn't have asked the question.", "What does a redneck and yeast have in common? They are both in-bread. ", "What do you call a hooker who likes noodles? A Pastatute", "How do you clear out a veterans bingo hall? B 52.", "Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? He worked it out with a pencil.", "I quit my job in the helium balloon factory, I refuse to be spoken to in that tone", "I have a joke about involuntary celibacy but you won't get it. ", "'I' before 'e' except after 'c' has been disproved by science.", "Just saw a guy hairier than Chewbacca dipped in Rogaine", "I have a broken puppet for sale - no strings attached. ", "Keeping a tropical fish at home can have a calming effort on the brain due to all the indoor fins ", "As long as I can remember I have a bad memory ", "There is Easy Mode, Hard Mode and Depeche Mode. ", "A Priest and a Rabbi walk into a bar. The bartender looks at them and says \"Is this some kind of joke?\"", "As i was sitting doing nothing i decided to start meditation. ", "Does it still count as necrophilia if you're dead inside? ", "Inspecting mirrors is a job I could really see myself doing.", "What do the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common? They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons.", "I'd like to go to Holland one day. Wooden shoe?", "Fruit truck spills over, create's traffic jam ", "If vegetarians loved animals so much, they would stop eating all their food.", "I was dancing on the table in nightclub tonight and the bouncer told me to get down. [deleted]", "Why doesn't Santa smoke? It's bad for his elf!", "Do those fidget spinners help with vertigo? [deleted]", "What is the most vulnerable animal in the world? The frog.  When you touch it, it croaks. Put another way, one touch and it's toadalled.", "Sat down with my missus today and discussed if we wanted children? Should have seen the kid's faces.", "Back in my day, we had NINE planets.", "They all laughed when I told them that one day, I would discover the secret of invisibility, but if they could only see me now... ", "Is a plot of land used to grow Romaine lettuce a Caesarian Section? ", "Lots of people don't have faith in their erections, but I'm a firm believer. ", "My wife keeps telling me to stop pretending to be butter, but I'm on a roll now. ", "If I had a dime for every time I didn\u2019t understand what\u2019s going on, I\u2019d be like, \u201cWhy y\u2019all keep giving me all these dimes?\u201d ", "I've had amnesia for as long as I can't remember ", "I heard Alabama changed the drinking age to 32. They wanted to keep alcohol out of the high schools.", "A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.", "I just hired a private investigator to find out what I do all day. ", "A man was hospitalized with 6 plastic horses up his ass. The doctor described his condition as stable.", "What happened to the kid who chugged 8 cokes? He burped 7up.", "yo yoda yolo yodo ", "What do you call an abortion in Prague? A canceled Czech.", "I'm not fat, but my 100-metre dash record is about 54 metres. [deleted]", "Water makes me wet. ", "\u201cDO NOT TOUCH\u201d must be one of the most terrifying things to read in braille. ", "I was Raised By A Punster.... \"You Can't Be Optimistic With a Misty Optic\"", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Disguise. Disguise who? Disguise d' limit !", "If I knew what I was talking about, I could make more sense. ", "I was going to keep my synonym for \"incomprehensible\" a secret, but it's meaningless. ", "My wife left me because of my obsession with Star Wars. Regret that she will.", "Show me a camera truck and I'll show you a reel drive by shooting. ", "It all. The title says it all.", "Grow old or die trying. ", "A limbo dancer walks into a bar and loses the competition.", "I saw a cop pull over a U Haul today. Looks like he was trying to bust a move.", "Santa has the right idea.. Visit people once a year.", "Celebrity Big Brother", "I cannot see the word Cosplay without thinking someones getting roofied. Cos that's the way he rolls", "Dear kids, those presents were not from Santa, they were from your parents. Sorry to disappoint.", "When I finally bought my last collector's item, I was all set. ", "#instagram : Made for people who don't want to beg for friends on Facebook.", "Why didn't you tell me you licked glue? ", "I'm not going to vacuum 'til Sears makes one you can ride on.", "I asked for each line item to be spilled out clearly, they handed me a list of carefully defined stains. ", "I was born at a very young age. ", "What do you call a row of boxers stood side by side? A punchline.", "More money is not more happiness. Cause I was just as happy at 40 million as I am now with 42 million", "If a man with no arms has a gun, is he armed?", "There are a lot of unexpected things been said, for instance, you would have expected me to give a example here. ", "Insults are effective only when emotion is present. ", "Mechanical Engineers build weapons, Civil Engineers build targets. ", "I see Boomerangs are making a comeback.", "6:30 is the best time on a clock, hands down. ", "I've got a friend whose butler is missing his left arm--serves him right.", "What invisible and smells like carrots? Rabbit farts", "Why is the hipster sweating? Because he wore a scarf before it was cool.", "I accidentally sent a naked picture of myself to everyone in my address book which was not only embarrassing, but it cost me a fortune in stamps. ", "Children in the backseat cause accidents, Accidents in the backseat cause children.", "Thanksgiving: Another excuse for Americans to eat all day.", "Prince Charles got coronated at last [deleted]", "Spidermans not the only one with sticky fingers after using the web. ", "Is it possible to mistake schizophrenia for telepathy, I hear you ask? ", "During which battle was Lord Nelson killed? His last one.", "Eating watches is time consuming. .", "Reading Braille is just connecting the dots ", "My best friend is Richard Hurts but we just call him Dick. ", "Why can't cats work on the computer? They get too distracted chasing the mouse around [removed]", "What do you call a row of rabbits that takes a step backwards? A receding hare-line.", "Our ice cream man was found slumped in his van, covered with hundreds and thousands. Police say that he topped himself.", "You laugh at me because I am different, but I laugh at you because you are all the same", "When she told me I was average, she was just being mean ", "Damn girl are you a public school? Cause I wanna shoot kids inside you ", "P.S. when i write, i always make it a point to avoid latin abbreviations; e.g., vs., i.e., viz., et al., etc. ", "\u201cAdvice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.\u201d", "Why doesn't Spiderman like rice? It reminds him of Uncle Ben.", "Working as a janitor at a pet hospital comes with a handful of duties. ", "The invention of the shovel was ground-breaking.", "First rule of gun safety: Don't piss me off.", "The facts about domestic violence are striking. ", "My math teacher said I was average - how mean! ", "My grandfather was a baker for the army. When he went to war, he went in all buns glazing.", "I jumped a red light; my new pogo stick is fucking brilliant. [deleted]", "Red, White and Blue [removed]", "I got a second job at McDonalds to make McEnd\u2019s meat. ", "The words \u201ccultural\u201d and \u201cappropriation\u201d were taken another language. ", "Why do Jihadist Muslims only drink instant coffee? 'Cause they hate the French press", "i do agree its healthy to laugh at your mistakes, but if you are a plastic surgeon you should probably do it in private ", "I had to give up my career as a photographer. I kept losing focus. ", "The man who invented autocorrect has died... May he roast in piss. ", "People call me superstitious but I like to think of myself as genre-savvy. ", "Sometimes, I wish I could hit the snooze button on coworkers.", "Every \"yo mama\" joke has been done thousands of times by thousands of different people...kinda like yo mama. ", "I was on the median on this, but now I have confidence that the statement \u201cdon\u2019t be average\u201d translates to \u201cdon\u2019t be mean\u201d ", "My penis was in the Guinness book of world records, but then the librarian told me to take it out. ", "Yesterday my friend told me I don't understand what irony means, which is ironic because we were standing at a bus stop. ", "I heard about a victim getting encased in cement the other day, fortunately there was more than enough concrete evidence to find the suspect ", "What has 4 letters, sometimes has 9 letters, but never has 5 letters. ", "I was so poor when I grew up, I bought Popsicle sticks and just pretended like I was having a special treat.", "I was walking by a car filled with black people. They locked the door when i came near. I felt like a bad ass until I realized it was my car", "Where there\u2019s a will, there\u2019s a wake. ", "Liquid cheesemaking residue? No whey! ", "I\u2019m a big fan of wind turbines ", "When Alexander Graham Bell finally finished inventing the telephone, he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris.", "A suicide bomber says to his apprentice: \"Watch carefully I can only do this once!\"", "\u201cShe\u2019s so smart I always thought she was brainier than Kurt Cobain\u2019s garage ceiling.\u201d Is this too soon? Well fuck it, he\u2019s always shooting his mouth off anyway. ", "Originality is The art of concealing your sources.", "I watch pom. You misread that, didn't you?", "I fell into poison ivy while picking up a 4-leaf clover - what a rash of good luck! ", "These giant squid jokes are kraken me up! ", "What people don't realize: Those people who think paying $60 for a video game is a waste just bought themselves a $300 pair of shoes.", "If you are joining a new bank bring money with you and make sure you take that into account. ", "Reposts are like grandparents. We know they're old already but we can't just let them die. ", "I hear that if you say Bloody Mary 3 times, the bartender will eventually make you one. ", "The difference between a good meal and a good time is where you put the cucumber ", "Why do so many American kids die in school shootings? They're not allowed to run in the halls.", "I went to a fight the other night and a hockey game broke out.", "Yo Mama is so ugly, she uses a line of makeup called \"Why Bother\".", "I just bought my wife a length of rope with a bucket on the end. I'm sure it'll go down well.", "What's black and white and red all over?  Certainly not the Halifax newspapers.", "I keep trying to find the sum of 4 an zero but things just don\u2019t seem to add up. ", "I've just bought some Tesco viagra. I only got a semi but every little helps!", "Why didn't the skeleton go to the party?Because he had no body to go with.", "Its been a great year for me, I made film with lassie the dog. I played the lead. [deleted]", "I'm very good at remembering random facts. For example, there are 3,500 different types of lice. And that's just off the top of my head.", "Why was Cinderella kicked off the football team?Because she kept running away from the ball.", "Being a tightrope-walker is a pretty good job, on balance. ", "I rate myself 9.84520137453850162 out of 10 for accuracy.", "Sometimes I order Chinese food just to keep my cat on edge. ", "Every time I take my buttplug in for cleaning... they say, \"Not this shit again.\"", "Of course I talk to myself. Sometimes I need an expert opinion.", "used to be addicted to not showering, I'm proud to say I've been clean for 2 years. ", "Said the prostitute to the priest: \"I'm here for the missionary position\". ", "I got arrested the other day for holding a little girl's hand. They wanted to know where the rest of her body was", "Describe yourself in three words. 1) Lazy 2) 3)", "I heard the funniest time travel joke tomorrow.", "The local bowling alley is closed due to a strike. ", "Dyslexics are teeple poo. ", "Why does Waldo wear stripes? Because he doesn't want to be spotted", "In my house I'm the boss. My wife is just the decision maker.", "Anorexic vampires use blood thinners. [deleted]", "I went along to the local Kleptomaniacs Anonymous meeting, but all the seats were taken. ", "What did the left nut say to the right nut? Don't talk to the guy in the middle, he's a dick.", "What do u call a hilarious Mexican herb?  Sillyantro", "You hear about the newest member of the X-Men? Caitlyn Jenner", "Marriage is not a word. It's a sentence.", "When my wife walked in on me masturbating to an optical illusion, I threw my hands up and pleaded. \u201cHoney, it\u2019s not what it looks like!\u201d ", "Never have unprotected sex with a cannibal. next thing you know, you'll have a baby in the oven.", "I'd rather have a mustache than a baby.", "Becoming a vegan was a huge missed steak. ", "The world is an oyster,if you are demented. ", "I just gave a girl my number in roman numerals. If she can figure it out, she's worth a shot.", "the end is near but if you stand very still god wont see you and will go away ", "After a recent accident, I managed to save loads of money on my car insurance. By driving away really quickly.", "You will take a vow of silence on silent letters or people will nag you until you do ", "Conversations in space tend to be vacuous. ", "I size zero considered 2D?", "They say in the entertainment industry you should never work with children or animals, but this mainly applies to pornography. ", "I saw a sign in a second hand shop 'Half price TV - no volume control' I thought \"I can't turn that down!\"", "The local convent has no security around the building, so I helped myself. No fence. Nun taken.", "All my one liners are unfunny. ", "I told my doctor that every time I cross into another country I have to get drunk. He said I was border-line alcoholic.", "I've been so stressed recently I've been doing that Chinese thing with the needles, you know ... heroin. ", "Where do the homeless have 90% of their accidents? ", "Got thrown out of Dragons Den. Apparently asking Deborah Meaden to \"Fuck off and get me a sandwich while the men talk business\" is unacceptable.", "Id be more likely to hire a white man than a black man but thats just cuz more whites applied ", "Yeast is the only culture some people have. ", "I'd put more jokes about sex on here but I don't know much about it. I'm a married man.", "I seriously hate it when a couple starts having an argument in front of you. They could have least waited until I got dressed and left.", "I've been so lonely lately that the closest thing to a piece of ass I've had was a mule steak ", "How come you can drink a drink but not food  a food?", "- Why does an elephant have 4 feet?  Because 8 inches isn't enough", "- How can you tell a Polish woman is on her period?  She's only wearing 1 sock", "A feeding tube is the final straw for a lot of relationships. ", "Dogs can't operate an MRI, but catscan. ", "Ebola's not a problem anymore, don't sweat it. ", "Headquarters doubled our coin-toss odds. ", "China has a population of a billion people. That means if you\u2019re a one in a million, there are still a thousand others exactly like you.", "What's big, grey and makes you jump? The elephant of surprise.", "I could really see myself working in a mirror factory. ", "A cat ate some cheese and waited for a mouse with baited breath. ", "Why did the minus sign run for office? To make a difference. ", "I start my new job in Seoul next week. I thought it was a good Korea move.", "When we were kids, we couldn't afford toys, holidays or even school uniforms..So our parents paid for them.", "I tried to reimburse my neighbor for running over his chicken, but he said his chickens are not that flat. ", "I bought some shoes off of a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with but I've been trippin all day.", "I'm 100% sure there are no absolutes ", "What animal what you like to be on a really cold day? A little Otter", "My first job was working in an orange juice factory, but I got canned because I couldn't concentrate. ", "The word abbreviation sure is long for what it means ", "I'd love to be a juggler. But I haven't got the balls.", "Waldo wears stripes so that he isn't spotted. ", "I fixed my car because he kept peeing everywhere and humping other cars.  ", "If I don\u2019t perfect human cloning, I won\u2019t be able to live with myself. ", "I worked in finance once, but I just didn't have enough interest. ", "This planking epidemic is getting out of hand. The old lady next door has been laying outside for 3 days now.", "Veganism is like Communism... They are both fine, unless you like food. ", "What's the difference between an Indian and an asshole? One smells like shit and the other is an asshole.", "What do Mexicans and beans have in common? They both smell like beans.", "Where do fish keep their money? In a riverbank.", "I have some mood brass knuckles for times when I'm not quite sure if I want to beat the fuck out of someone. ", "What does a Russian woman say to stop her husband from abusing her? Vladislov, baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more..", "I got an e-mail saying 'At Google Earth we can read maps backwards! 'I thought, \"That's just spam.\"", "What did Yokono say to John Lennon when they first started dating? [removed]", "I doubt there\u2019s a heaven; I think the people from hell have probably bought it for a timeshare. ", "The Mrs is just like Heather Mills. She only wears half the shoes she buys!", "Buddha walks up to a hotdog cart and says, make me one with everything! ", "I accidentally left an apple outside my local GP's surgery.Now he won't be able to get in.", "The person who proof read Hitler's speeches, was the original grammar Nazi. ", "My addiction is so bad I can only walk when i'm horny. ", "A shipment of Viagra was hijacked last week. Police are looking for two hardened criminals.", "In America police dogs are K 9.... In China, dogs are E 10. ", "Being lead singer of Van Halen means there's a 50% chance you're Sammy Hagar. ", "Did you know that cannibals don't eat clowns cos they taste funny? [removed]", "If I had a nickel for every time a homeless man begged me for change I'd still say no ", "A soul can be wiped clean with toilet paper ", "I say the right things, to the wrong people.", "When it comes to screwing up a punchline, I've been there, done that, got the tea cup. ", "People with Tourette\u2019s; what makes them tick? ", "Never trust a skinny cook. ", "Why are all Jewish men circumcized? Because Jewish women go crazy over anything 20% off.", "I won't rest until I find a cure for Insomnia!", "FYI... It's open Mike night at club Autopsy. ", "I went to a German massage parlor today and I must say, the whole experience was pretty hans on. ", "There once was a man called Dave, who dug up a prostitutes grave, she was covered in shit and missing a tit but look at the money he saved!", "There IS intelligent life in the universe.  It ignores us.", "I just saw some guy chatting up a cheetah. He's trying to pull a fast one.", "Terrible news! The cakes we buried at the confectionery... are rising from their graves!", "I only exaggerate once every million years. ", "If a ventriloquist dummy calls you deceitful, then look who's talking. ", "eath is nature\u2019s way of saying, Your table\u2019s ready.", "Relationships are a lot like algebra.Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?", "I fought a guy on some moving stairs today, we started arguing at the bottom and things just escalated from there!", "Asked the wife to make me happy and sad at the same time. She told me that my dick was bigger than my brothers!", "Yo mama is so fat she needs a passport to roll over.", "I own the world\u2019s worst thesaurus. Not only is it awful, it\u2019s awful. ", "What's the worst thing about your girlfriend being pregnant? Having to tell your wife.", "Some people say \"the more things change, the more they stay the same.\" but I say \"the more things change, the more they stay the same.\" ", "Drive wreckless, not recklessly. ", "Dear Vegetarian's, If you love animals so much, why are you eating all their food ? ", "You can choose humor, looks, or literacy, but you may only choose to. ", "I wouldn't be caught dead dating a necrophiliac. ", "Mentos should print little messages on their mints like \"You're awesome\" and \"Looking good\" and call them Complimentos. ", "I took a urine test at the hospital today. My kleptomania is really getting out of control.", "How much does a pirate pay for corn? A buccaneer.", "Slept like a log last night. Woke up in the fireplace.", "The other day a clown held the door open for me. It was a nice jester.", "With petrol prices at $3.89 a gallon, it's cheaper to just do cocaine and run everywhere. ", "Sunbathing on the beach, the wife came up to me asked what I thought of her flip flops? \"Bloody horrible\", I said \"Put your bikini top back on\".", "What's green and smells of pork? Kermit the frogs fingers!", "I have a really sweet tooth, it always tells me nice things. ", "Money matters No matter how much money you have, it will never be enough", "I thought I didn't need a chiropractor but now I stand corrected. [deleted]", "Yo Mama is so fat that when she died and was cremated, her ash caused the cancellation of flights across Europe.", "What do you call two skunks that are 69ing? Odor eaters", "Chickens don't have friends. They only have pen pals.", "The prettier a font you use, the more people will believe the words, which is why its undisputable that money cards with holograms are the real deal ", "My roshambo skills didn't cut it against Rocky. ", "A termite walks into a bar and asks, \"is the bar tender here?\".", "I only know 25 letters of the alphabet; I don't know why. ", "I saw a sign that said falling rocks so I tried and it doesn't. ", "When I was a child my father attacked me with cameras; I still have flashbacks. ", "Wanna hear a joke? Sleep. I know, I don't get it either", "If I dated a blind woman, I'd tell her I'm ugly. Ugly and ethical. ", "The second day of a diet is always easier than the first. By the second day, you\u2019re off it. ", "Why didn't the skeleton go to the ball? He had nobody to go with.", "Money isn't everything. You're credit is, however.", "Girl: If you were my husband I would poison your coffee.\nBoy: If you were my wife I\u2019d drink it.", "reject broken candy canes; only accept them in mint condition. ", "Somewhere, a smart Laser eye surgeon has an office full of brochures that are all slightly out of focus.", "I admired my Indian friend's headwear, so I said to him \"Dude, Sikh turban\" ", "So you're here for crap jokes? Well check this one out! one.", "I used to be indecisive, but nowadays I'm not exactly sure ", "My gf broke up with me, saying \"You believe you're a Transformer. It's stupid.\" I said, \"But, I can change!\" She said, \"There you go again!\"", "What do you use to make a walrus smooth? Seal irons.", "After Brexit Greece was screwed, no one wanted gyros anymore ", "Guess what? I came up with a new word, Plagiarism. ", "An impotent iguana suffers from a reptile dysfunction. ", "German sausage is the wurst ", "Travel tip: don't pack for the weather you want.", "The last thing I want to do is hurt you, but it's still on the list. ", "When I applied for shift work, I didn't realise the\"F\" was silent. ", "What do you call a psychic midget who has escaped from prison? A small medium at large! ", "I know it sounds crazy but I can't find my marbles ", "60% of my jokes are funny 100% of the time. ", "Odd? I'm completely whacked.", "Hear about the dyslexic pimp who bought a warehouse?", "What do you call a female deer that's pickled? A dill doe. ", "My girlfriend kicked me out of the house because of my bad Arnold Schwarzenegger impression but don't worry, I will return. ", "Why didn't the skeleton show up to the party? He had no guts.", "My local Balti house has a wardrobe that leads to a magical land. Naania.", "So it turns out that every office is NSFW now ", "Do not trust atoms. They make up everything.", "I was disappointed when the alt-right was taken off the Internet, but then I discovered that the alt-right was inside me all along ", "Well, well, well\u2026 Welcome to stutter class. ", "You know I can see 6 years into the future? I have 2020 vision.", "The finish line of a marathon is a site for sore thighs. [deleted]", "Why did the ghost go into the elevator? To lift his spirits. ", "A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a drink. The bartender reply's \"For you? No charge!\"", "One guy asked another: \"Have you ever gone to bed with an ugly woman?\"\nHis friend replied: \"No, but I've woken up with plenty.\"", "I'm not racist because racism is a crime and crime is for black people ", "I went shopping for cherries and microphones yesterday and bought a bing, bought a boom. ", "Statistically 6 out of 7 dwarves aren't Happy. ", "You mean you don't want a three way? I'm so sorry sweetie, I thought you said \"make sure to get Mike Litorus next time\" ", "I'm such a bad lover, I once caught a peeping tom booing me. ", "People often say that my life must be tough living with erectile dysfunction, but it's not so hard. ", "Farting before you shit is like wasting rocket fuel. just realized this truth", "As Mr Peanut left his house, he said to his wife, \"see you, I'll be back in a Jif\"", "What the fuck do you mean I take criticism badly? ", "I like my women like I like my coffee...to GO. ", "I like speed dating as much as the next guy...and the last guy. ", "Lately I've been feeling a void in my life. It's probably nothing.", "Did Snoop Dogg really change his name, or is Snoop Lion?", "People on my 3rd floor gym take the elevator up then get on a stair climber. ", "I'm so proud of my hydration I don't even flush.", "last night i played a blank tape at full blast and the mime next door went nuts!", "A baby is just a baked cream pie ", "Of quartz I love geology! ", "I've a twin sister with a lisp. She's the spitting image of me. ", "I named my eraser Confidence because it gets smaller after every mistake I make. ", "Say what you will about Jerry Sandusky but he was a damn good coach. He could turn a tight end into a wide receiver in no time.", "Sexual Assault. It Rubs off on you ", "Pickup lines don't have the charm that you do ", "Fell asleep at a party last night, and someone put a teabag in my mouth, i went mental! No one treats me like a mug.", "There's only 3 things that I hate with my heart, talking about myself, and incomplete lists. ", "How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?", "Mike who cheese stinks. ", "I should have been sad when my flashlight batteries died, but I was delighted. ", "My wife dropped her epilepsy medicine in the washing machine so her clothes don\u2019t fit anymore. ", "My own contribution One of the questions in my zoology exam was to identify a solidified fragment of urinary fluid, which was a piece of piss.", "I got dangerously loaded on ACID and thought, \u201cit should be illegal to be this high.\u201d ", "If someone's addicted to rehab, then what?", "I'll never forget the first day we brought my sister home from the hospital [deleted]", "I was going to tell you a joke about bad memory but I can't remember if I already told you it. ", "It's an extremely salty move to Kikkoman when he's down. ", "Halloween: the only day you can get away with killing someone and leaving them on the front porch.", "The sign on my store that refurbishes gearshift assemblies should not have said 'seeking post-op trannies'. ", "What's the difference between light and hard? You can go to bed with a light on.", "How much wood would a nun nunchuck if a nun would nunchuck wood? ", "Trump expertly... [removed]", "The Himalayas are like my topography grade, below c level. [deleted]", "What did the banana say to the vibrator? \"What are you shaking for?\" \"she's going to eat me!\"", "How does Sean Connery shave? Ctrl+S", "My dog only responds to commands in Spanish. He's Espanyol.", "My wife accused me of having OCD. I soon put her in her place.", "I've got a filthy habit - I dress up as a nun and go mud wrestling. ", "Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff. Ba-dum tish!", "My friend's in prison for flashing; he says he can't bare it anymore. ", "I gave my wife a dildo for her birthday. I don\u2019t think it was her favourite gift... ...but it\u2019s definitely up there. ", "Whats Ugly About Black Power Apart From The Faces ", "Never moon a werewolf ", "I'm not homophobic - I watch lesbian porn all the time! ", "Money won't buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a large research staff to study the problem.", "I went to a greyhound track for the first time yesterday, but my bus didn't win. ", "Don't take my previous girlfriend out of context, because \"contt\" doesn't make any sense. ", "Because I'm of average intelligence, I know that I'm at least as smart as half the people on Earth. ", "I had three dates today. They were incredible. Three more tomorrow. Thing is, I have to finish this box of dates before it expires.", "If you think nobody cares if you\u2019re alive, try missing a couple of car payments. ", "An old lady in front of me dropped $20 and I thought, \"What would Jesus do?\" So I turned it into wine. I bought wine.", "What does a shopping cart and a wheelchair have in common? They both can be used to carry vegetables. ", "Viagra won't make you James Bond but it will make you Roger Moore.", "Persuaded my wife to smuggle coke through customs by sticking it up her arseI didn't know I could buy another can in the departure lounge", "Someone once told me I had an old soul, but I realized they were just looking at my Keds ", "Where does Kylie Minogue get her kebabs from? Jason's Donner Van", "What's the difference between Princess Diana and Tiger Woods? Tiger Woods has a better driver.", "If it feels like the fall goes by faster and faster, it's because it accelerates at 9.8 m/s^2 ", "So today I was reading about pig anatomy; it was pretty standard, but when I got to the end, I discovered there was a twist in the tale. ", "\u201cThe reason grandchildren and grandparents get along so well is because they have a common enemy.\u201d", "No matter what they\u2019re saying seagulls always sound outraged ", "Today someone was killed with a starter pistol. Police think it might be race related.", "Why didn't Sean Connery get his roof fixed? He said he \"couldn't find a shingle person to do it.\"", "My brother says I need to stop quoting Run-D.M.C., but it's like that, and that's the way it is.", "Why doesn't Smokey the bear have any kids? Every time his wife gets hot, he smacks her with a shovel.", "What does the Sun drink out of? Sunglasses.", "It makes no sense to have a headband with design on top unless you plan to look at everyone with top of your head. [removed]", "Marriage is like a violin, after all the beautiful music is over, the strings are still attached. ", "I'm trying to give up Viagra and improve my double entendres but it's not easy ", "Why didn't the skeleton ask the witch to the ball? Because he didn't have the guts.", "The best way When I read these oneliners to myself, I do so in Mitch Hedberg's voice.", "Someone please please tell me what FOMO stands for. ", "What is the difference between a dog and a fox?About three drinks.", "I've just phoned and reserved a table to take the Mrs out on valentines night! She will be raging, she hates snooker!", "I used to be a plastic surgeon. That raised a few eyebrows.", "Paddy says \"Why do scuba divers fall into the water backwards Mick?\". Mick says \"If they fell forwards they'd still be in the fuckin boat\".", "We call our grandad \"Spiderman\".\u00a0He hasn't got any super powers - he just finds it difficult to get out of the bath.", "My dentist took x-rays and now I have tooth pics. ", "I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory; all I did was take a day off. ", "I don\u2019t have emotions and it\u2019s pissing me off ", "Everyone at the meeting said they weren't really feeling the holographic braille concept ", "6:30 is the best time on a face clock..Hands down!", "Now Playing: Tinnitus. Loved that sustained note though. ", "I once lost $5000 on a horse, she just trotted off with it. ", "Someone asked me where I see myself in 5 years. I couldn't answer because I don't have 2020 vision. ", "Whiteboards are remarkable. ", "Survey found that 100% of people are not in a coma ", "I wonder if colorblind people read Colorado as just \u201cado\u201d ", "People using umbrellas always seem to be under the weather. ", "I\u2019m overwhelmed by tornadoes, they really blow me away. ", "Eating a clock is time consuming. ", "I had to quit my job fitting tyres at the garage. I just couldn't handle the pressure.", "What do you call 100 lawyers chained together at the bottom of the ocean? [deleted]", "Why do people think you are an employee just because you're in a butcher shop, and you carry a big knife and have blood all over your shirt? ", "When I die, I would like people I did group projects with to lower me into the grave so they can let me down one last time. ", "Shout out to my boy Brian for saving 18 lives yesterday. Saved 2 cats from a tree.", "Only 2 kinds of people shop at the dollar store: trashy people and me. ", "What is the female version of a 'dick pic?' Flap Snap. ", "I found being an electrician interesting, but the work was shocking. ", "All girls that are 13-17 look exactly the same now. #college", "How do you feel when there's no more coffee? Depresso ", "I thought a suit made it mirrors was a good idea until I had time to sit down and reflect ", "If they advertise something as \"new and improved\" don't buy it, they're lying. ", "My carbon monoxide detector won\u2019t stop beeping, and its giving me a headache and dizziness and nausea. ", "I've just won 8 straight games of Paper, Scissors, Rock, against that very predictable Edward Scissorhands.", "I tried some medical marijuana, then I went home and had some medical popcorn and medical nachos. ", "I'd kill for a Nobel peace prize.", "Shame on you for wanting to be proud of yourself! ", "Hey baby, did you ever have your asshole licked by a fatman in an overcoat? ", "At the bus stop, a midget started off a story by saying, \"When I was little.\" ", "Why are there fish at the bottom of the sea? Cos they dropped out of school.", "I snort artificial sweeteners. Or Diet Coke as I call it. ", "I\u2019m forever disappointed that a group of squids isn\u2019t called a squad ", "The existence of laws is the main cause of crime ", "My wife's parking is unparallelled.", "I like my coffee like I like my women, respected for their contributions in the home and workplace ", "I read my favorite bible verse everyday, Lunch 11:35 ", "I met the Godfather of the Scottish mafia earlier...he made me an offer I couldn\u2019t understand. ", "The government plans to tax the oxygen we breathe. Don't they realize what this will do to the cost of living? ", "There was a time when screens and electronics were so expensive that multiple people had to watch the same thing on the same screen even when they didnt want to ", "The CDC release guidelines for circumcision today\u2026well, it\u2019s more just like tips really\u2026 ", "Blind man killed due to unforeseen events ", "Rap is basically 75% cRap.", "\"There's plenty of fish in the sea \", but until I catch one, I'm here holding my rod. ", "Girls mature faster than guys because men don't usually develop breasts until their mid 40's. ", "You have 2 feet in your shoes but a measurment can be 2 foots since those are different words and theres no need to screw up the plural of both ", "How do ghosts keep fit? With regular exorcise!", "Did you hear about the big sale at the paddle store? It was quite the oar deal. ", "Singing in the shower is all fun and games until you get shampoo in your mouth. Then it just becomes a soap opera.", "I know my neighbors have a problem with mice because I keep finding them in my kitchen. ", "Man, I got hammered after photography club, we probably had about 8 or 9 pictures of beer. ", "What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college? Bison.", "Why'd I spend all my childhood trying to save peach? She already has a man.", "As soon as COVID-19 started, it spread right off the bat. ", "The tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell their body parts for money.", "How much do cockneys pay for their shampoo? Pantene.", "How can you get four suits for a dollar? Buy a deck of cards.", "I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.", "Why are there no transvestites in space? Because there is zero drag.", "Super chicken is a capon with a cape on. ", "Cassettes had a side A and side B. Therefore, it was logical that its successor would be the CD.", "I've just been on a positive thinking course. It was crap.", "If stupid could fly, there'd never be traffic. ", "Want to hear a construction joke? I'm working on it.", "It seems in style to be angry, and that really pisses me off! ", "Cubism paintings are really easy to do if you use graph paper. [deleted]", "Neil Armstrong's dad once ejaculated so hard that it eventually landed on the moon. ", "What is the difference between an Aggie and a pizza? The pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven.", "You can have all 3 states of matter out from your ass. ", "2020 America, a time and a place, where you get arrested for opening your business, but not for looting businesses. ", "Audio engineers give sound advice ", "The secret to good taste is making sure to brush your tongue. ", "Nothing is moore embarrassing than misspelling somethng. ", "I got a new deodorant today. The instructions said to remove cap and push up bottom. Now I can Hardly walk, but my farts smell awesome.", "I hope college is gonna be as easy as half the girls that go there.", "I saw a police officer wearing a pilot\u2019s uniform and thought it was a bit odd, but then I realized, he was one of those plane clothes cops. ", "Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.", "99% of statistics are made up lies ", "Research has shown that performing Hands-Only CPR greatly increases a person's chances of survival than doing nothing at all and walking away. ", "When a chunk of cheese is having its picture taken does the photographer say \"human\"? ", "My dream girl keeps stressing me about the fact that I only see her when I'm asleep. ", "I\u2019m as straight as the lines on a gay pride flag. ", "For some people, counting isn't as easy as 1, 3, 4 ", "Starbucks isnt that expensive, when you think of how much Victoria Secrets charges per cup. ", "\u201cGrab \u2018em by the... you know...the thing.\u201d - Joe Biden plagiarizing Donald Trump ", "That awkward moment when someone you hate thinks your opinion is valid.", "How do you make a hormone Don\u2019t pay her", "I don't know who this \"Spam\" person is, but they're really clingy. [deleted]", "I booked an Asian prostitute last night, but she arrived two hours late. She loved me wrong time.", "I just got a rear view camera, a colonoscopy [deleted]", "I SWEAR TO GOD THERE'S ALWAYS A CAR TAILGATING MY TOW TRUCK. [deleted]", "Prison in a nutshell. ", "At the mall my parents told me I could pick anything I wanted, so I picked my nose. [deleted]", "When it comes to illegal drug use, cocaine is where I draw the line. ", "Why is the camel called the ship of the desert? Because its full of Arab semen", "I could never get the hang of sitting in a hammock ", "Redneck oneliner [deleted]", "Whoever put the letter 'b' in the word 'subtle' deserves a pat on the back.", "I had an argument with my friend about his small boat. We fell out.", "Dead men are simple very cool.", "Why are they called apartments, when they're all stuck together?", "I was the first person to injure themselves during The Safety Dance.", "I got a part in the movie cocaine. I only had one line.", "Beauty is a skin-deep business. The cosmetic giants recognise this and exploit it. [removed]", "Did you hear about the new Mike Tyson computer? It has two bytes and no memory", "Masks are a good Idea, I have been telling women to wear them for years. ", "Shouldn't a condom be called a stopcock? ", "Why does the hipster make crappy coffee? The beans are always under-ground.", "I get a really shitty connection to the internet in my bathroom ", "I tried to write a joke about a hoarse frog, but it was deribbitive. ", "Fish are easy to weigh because they bring their own scales. ", "Who called it Racist and not blacktoes intolerant? ", "Marriage is the only war where you sleep with the enemy.", "\"What did the cat say to the dog. You're purrrrfect!\"", "Been trying for months to come up with a social distancing joke but this was the closest I could get ", "Dyslexics: All you have to fear is fire itself. [deleted]", "Elevator broken, sorry for the inconveyance. ", "My mate is just not the same since he almost drowned in a vat of lemon juice. It's left him very bitter", "I\u2019ve been told I second guess myself too much [deleted]", "Dwarf shortage http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/bbc/12014143/Jimmy-Carrs-dwarf-joke-backfires.html", "Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac, you can always take something for it.", "Did you hear about the midget who speaks to dead people that broke out of prison? The police are describing him as a small medium at large.", "Yo Mama is so fat that smaller fat people orbit around her.", "A day without sunshine is like, you know, Night! ", "A glory hole was found a nudist camp, but the police have already started looking into it. ", "Are there really rhetorical questions?", "Why do bad farmers make good DJs? Because they've got sick beets!", "My midget butcher folded under the preassure of getting me some beef from the top shelf, the steaks were too high ", "Between 3.5 and 7 billion trees are cut down each year, or, roughly the same amount of paper needed to make three CVS receipts. ", "The only time I would want to hold your face is when I want to know how to say \u201cphotosynthesis\u201d in Braille. ", "It has been such a long time since I've thought longer than 140 characters.", "If the human body has two 'I's, how is multiple personality syndrome a disorder? ", "I'm not really sure how I feel about ambivalence. ", "Always remember that you are unique..Just like everyone else.", "People can be so full of crap. They should consider a laxative.", "David Hameron ", "What's the deal with the 14th of February , it's just a date ", "I was just awarded a trophy for laziness. All I need now is for someone to accept it on my behalf.", "I suppose snipers miss their loved ones. ", "If a kleptomaniac sees another kleptomaniac, do they double take? ", "Flies have a shitty existence. ", "My mum said \"You treat this place like a hotel!\". She will regret that when I give her a low score on TripAdvisor for 'rude staff'.", "What do you call a hot chick in Boston? A tourist", "I don't hate you, but If you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.", "What do you call immigrants to Sweden? Artificial Swedeners", "If there's a sock on my doorknob it means I'm having sex with the other one. ", "Einstein developed a theory about space. And it was about time too!", "A cowboy walks into a German car showroom and says \"Audi\".", "An English to French dictionary should be called a Two-Deux list. ", "I would KILL to win the Nobel Peace Prize... ", "What's better than roses on your piano? Tulips on your organ.", "My doctor told me to try pilates...... I heard pie and lattes. ", "My girlfriend disliked my obsession with Japanese food, Sushi left me.", "How do you warm a room up thats just been painted? Give it a 2nd coat.", "If a potato grows in enormous size, we can say it beef up. We can move this into the category of non-veg. ", "I didn't see you at camo camp last week. ", "Got a new job working at the police station sketching pictures of suspects. I'm a con artist.", "Amanda thought it'd be unsafe to walk home in my bikini, but I made it back all in one piece. ", "My brother ate a Rolex ...I told him watch his mouth ", "I asked God for a bike, but then I realised God doesn't work that way..So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.", "Emaul: degrading someone via e-mail", "Very few things upset my wife. So, it makes me feel rather special to be one of them.", "\"Tits or Arse man?\" I was asked. I really should have got in there earlier when they were giving out super hero names.", "When you get a bladder infection, urine trouble. ", "The Miss Universe pageant is fixed. All the winners are from Earth.", "I drove past my gran's house this morning and saw 11 pints of milk on her doorstep. I thought, 'she must be thirsty today'", "I havent done my laundry in a while, but i'll get it sorted out. ", "A Zen student asked his master, \"Is it OK to use email?\" \"Yes,\" replied the master, \"But no attachments.\"", "My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are- but I laugh more ", "Who's the coolest person in a hospital? The ultra sound guy.", "What do you call a guy in a lot of debt? Owen.", "Blind people sure do walk their dogs a lot. ", "A life in politics is full of parties ", "A non-conformist. Just like everybody else.", "How do you make your missus scream after an orgasm? Wipe your willy on the curtains.", "Governments lie, newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are different lies. ", "I was going to tell you a joke about subtraction but I didn't want you to think less of me. ", "I\u2019d love to stop and chat to you but I\u2019d rather have Type 2 diabetes. ", "A twitter account is like a reddit thread in how that person must give up the ability to talk about anything else and keep peoples attention ", "The only time I smile when I have done something wrong, is when I have found someone to blame it on.", "My wife wanted me to stop doing my impression of a flamingo, so I had to put my foot down ", "I lost everything in a house fire except a bet. ", "If I do end up perfecting human cloning, I will be besides myself! ", "You don't need a flair for reddit ", "What do you call a man with a seagull on his head? Cliff.", "I slowly died when I heard the joke about incapable surgeons. ", "I just donated $100 to a blind children's charity, not that the kids will ever see any of it. ", "Everyone seems to think the world about freedom these days. While ate the same time, the world is a gain prison in the form of a planet. *at\n- Den D", "Whats the difference between two dicks and a joke? You can't take a joke.", "Someone left the seat up in a handicapped stall. Fucking showoff. ", "Put the lettuce in the glass display case. That romaines to be seen. ", "5/4ths of people have problems with fractions.", "My mom was born on June 9, 1969 and it\u2019s no wonder why she always keeps fucking my dad ", "Does an insomniac agnostic dyslexic stay up all night wondering if there really is a dog? ", "Dyslexia So this dyslexic guy walked into a bra", "I'm making a show about two detectives who solve crimes over the phone. It's called Star Key and Hash.", "We always called my grandad Spiderman. It's not because he had any superpowers, he just couldn't get out of the bath.", "If Spider-Man had a disease where his hands and arms wouldn't stop shaking, would he be called Peter Parkinson's? ", "Pinnochio, he's seen and he nose it. [deleted]", "Sodomy with French bread is a real pain in the ass ", "For a Jewish carpenter, Jesus was well hung. ", "It's no accident that stressed spelled backwards is desserts.", "When all is said and done the encyclopedia industry is going to struggle. ", "One way or another, there are probably going to be a lot less anti-vaxxers after this Covid-19 ordeal is over. ", "Middle age is when you\u2019ve met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else.", "I recently learned some new terminology for certain types of flowers. Mums the word ", "Anyone who likes Minecraft must be a blockhead. ", "Did you know that the people of Dubai don't like the Flintones? But Abu Dhabi do.", "The high cost of living has beaten many centsless. ", "Women and blacks got the right to vote and one day the same will happen and voting will be more than a scam ", "A blind man fell into a hole because he couldn't see that well. ", "People are constantly asking me if I\u2019m good, but I know they mean well. ", "The first time I sang in the church choir about 200 hundred people changed their religion.", "I can't believe Pretzels are knot bread. ", "Have you heard about the new Eddie Stobart film coming out? It looks quite good, i've seen the trailer!", "When I was a kid, my mom would make me eat my food by saying, \u201cHere comes the choo-choo train!\u201d otherwise she wouldn\u2019t untie me from the tracks. ", "Rings of Saturn are made entirely of lost airline luggage.", "When Obama was elected the kkk said, \"these are dark times indeed my friends\". ", "Just signed my will which is a dead giveaway. ", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Dwayne. Dwayne who? Dwayne the bathtub, I'm dwowning.", "Whoever said nothing was impossible never tryed slamming a revolving door.", "If there was a picture of every Richard in the world, we'd be able to see what the average Dick looks like. ", "A girl just told me I've got a huge ego... I think she means cock.", "I saw that show, 50 Things To Do Before You Die. I would have thought the obvious one was \"Shout For Help!\" ", "I predict we have been reading the Mayan calendar upside-down an we still have another 2000 years to live.", "How does a medium talk with shoes?\nShe converses", "A girl went into the doctor's office with a strawberry up her ass. The doctor said I've got some \"cream\" for that.", "The misdirected astronaut wasn\u2019t exactly over the moon. ", "I could fertilise a whole plantation with all the shit my boss gave me. ", "The Trinity is 3 parts of the same god so if the father has sex with the son that's just the holy spirit masturbating ", "What do you call the kid who finally stands up to the bullies? An ambulance.", "Ugly people don't need beauty sleep, they need hibernation.", "The only thing worse than getting a question wrong, is getting the question so wrong that the teacher writes, \"Please see me after class\" on the paper ", "I was coming back from Canada, driving through Customs, and the guy asked, \"Do you have any firearms with you?\" I said: \"What do you need?\"", "There's no future in becoming a historian. ", "I've just got back from a friend's funeral. He died after he was hit in the head by a tennis ball. It really was a wonderful service.", "Why did the Aggie spend all night in front of the house of ill repute? He was waiting for the red light to turn green.", "All dog teeth are canines. ", "If it wasn't for Hershery I would get no hugs or kisses. ", "let's give a hand to robotics! ", "What did the bartender say when oxygen, hydrogen, sulfur, sodium, and phosphorous walked into his bar? OH SNaP!", "Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I'm OK, but I feel like I've dyed a little inside.", "My wife is such a looker..She's brilliant at hide and seek!", "My friend said that I was very condescending, but they probably don't even know what that word means. ", "In your previous lives do you remember dieing while owing anyone money ", "I bought some powdered water, but I don't know what to add to it. ", "Making another Facebook profile called Ahontas and have people poke me.", "A skydiver once forgot his parachute; then he came back for it. ", "I want to hear low-flying airplane noises...NEOW!!!! [deleted]", "A woman walked into a library and asked for a book on euphemisms. So the librarian took her up the rear aisle and let her have it.", "I hate autocorrect because it always makes me say things I didn\u2019t Nintendo. ", "Mathematics teachers call retirement 'the aftermath.'", "Exaggerations went up by a million percent last year.", "You don\u2019t need a parachute to go skydiving. You need a parachute to go skydiving twice. ", "Podiatrists have seen way more balls than I ever will. ", "The worst moment of my marriage is when my wife told me she had been cheating; it totally ruined family board game night. So did her new boyfriend Kyle. ", "[insert loud fart here] followed by - \"Did anyone just here what that ASSHOLE said?\" ", "Tiny electric shocks? uWatt? ", "A nurse finds a rectal thermometer in her pocket and thinks,\"some asshole has my pen\" ", "What do you call crystal clear urine? 1080pee", "My girlfriend is always moaning about the price of tampons but I wish she'd put a cork in it! ", "People these days just say any old shit and attribute it to a quote in The Bible - Leviticus 8:12 ", "I'm so pleased that my gerbils have a big house, I mean, i made it for them but i really feel like THEY'VE made it! ", "Pouring a glass of wine is wasting a glass of wine. Down the drain it goes...", "The closest I ever got to a 4.0 in High School was my blood alcohol content. ", "A communism joke isn't funny until everyone gets it. ", "Avoid the christmas chaos - go to church on sundays.", "Most of my family has diarrhea. It runs in our jeans", "There was a robbery at the Hotel recently.  The Robber took out a Gun,The Security Guard took out his Phone,and the Hotel took out a trivago.", "A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.", "Anti-Vaxxers love Justin Timberlake. They're bringing sickness back... yep ", "Saw two insects running away to get married on an antelope. [deleted]", "What's the most popular form of birth control?  The headache.", "Laptops being banned in cabins is a no-brainer; Samsung has just released notebook 7 laptops [removed]", "A cop just knocked on my door and told me that my dogs were chasing people on bikes. My dogs don't even own bikes... ", "Are there a lot of first-person singular objective pronouns, or is it just me? ", "What's the first sign of madness? Suggs walking up your driveway...", "At 70yrs old ... I only have to relieve myself 2-3 times a week .. which leaves a lot of time in my hands... ", "My uncle is so anti-government that he just paid the government extra money for a personalized license plate reading ANTIGOV. ", "Men look at a woman's behind and go \"Oh! What an ass!\" Women look at a man's face and go \"Oh! What an ass!\"", "\"The biggest problem with using the Internet is you never know if it's reliable or not\" -Abraham Lincoln", "cryonics is funded by pedophiles who plan to freeze kids until they're adults ", "Moses was the first person to use Control-C as a shortcut.", "At any given time, if you stop and think about it for a second, you have an itch that needs scratching. ", "I think they sold me an old parrot, it keeps on saying, \"\u0372\u00ec\u028d\u04bd \u00ec\u0282 \u0105 \u028d\u0585\u0574\u0572\u0567\u0105\u00ec\u0572, \u0584\u00ec\u04bd\u027e\u00e7\u04bd\u056a \u048d\u057e \u028d\u0105\u0572\u057e \u0570\u00ec\u056a\u056a\u04bd\u0572 \u0567\u0574\u0572\u0572\u04bd\u04c0\u0282.\" ", "So a rapist, a murdurer, a pedo, a woman beater, and a racist walk into a bar. THE Bartender says: \"Whats up Bernie Sanders!\" The entire bar boos him and throws shit at him", "\"You're a malignant cancer,\" the first guy said. His friend replied: \"At least I'm good at what I do.\" Roasted.", "It is indescribable how much I am enjoying my creative writing class. [deleted]", "I thought I wanted a career, turns out, I just wanted a paycheck.", "If I had a dollar for every time a girl told me I was unattractive, they'd eventually find me attractive. ", "With god as my witness I will get away with this murder ", "When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.", "My penis was in a world record book once. Until the librarian told me to take it out.", "Humpty Dumpty died a crack head.", "It's been a while, Tom said, disturbed. ", "Galaxy Note jokes are the new \"Yo Mamma So Fat\" jokes.", "I have a chicken proof lawn that's impeccable. ", "I read in the paper that you can support a child in Africa for just \u00a320 a year. So I sent my kids there.", "People who drop out of school have no principals or class. ", "Need a new book that will just blow your Mind? Read Twilight! You'll read a page and want to shoot yourself.", "Yo mama so fat when her beeper goes off, people think she's backing up.", "I was raised as an only child, which really annoyed my sister ", "In light of collapsing economy, JPMorgan plans to lay off several members of Congress ", "How do crazy people go through the woods? They take the psychopath.", "the fact that we know chameleons exist means that they are failures ", "I thought my vasectomy would keep my wife from getting pregnant. But apparently it just changes the color of the baby.", "wasp is just a prosperous bee ", "Seen in U.S.S.R:  \"The last person to leave the country is asked to turn the ligths off.\"", "What does every Pirate bachelor hate? A small chest with no booty.", "I was pulled over by the police... \"Have we been drinking sir\" \"No\" I replied. \"I don't remember you buying me a pint\"", "That one liner 'i'm not drinking too much tonight' never goes as planned... ", "I went to a legless disco last night. It was crawling with fanny.", "Dog goes into BandQ and says \"excuse me, may I have a job?\" Stunned clerk \"have you tried the circus?\" Dog \"what would a they want with a plumber?\"", "Ever decide to run a red light but the guy in front of you chickens out?", "Doctor: \"The best thing you can do is give up drinking and smoking and eat healthy foods.\" \nPatient: \"What's the second best thing?\"", "I was born at an early age [deleted]", "Playlistism: discrimination against people's choice of music.", "I want to start writing jokes, but can't seem to get my penis onto paper [removed]", "What type of blood does a keyboard have? Typo", "I poured my cat out some milk the other day; I don't know how it got in there. ", "Did you hear about the astronaut who stepped on some chewing gum? He got stuck in Orbit.", "Why do you never tease a fat girl with lisp? Because she's thick and tired of it.", "I am a former smoker who used to smoke. ", "I love whiteboards, they're remarkable! ", "Constipated people are full of shit ", "I didn't like my beard at first, but it's growing on me. ", "Yo mama is so fat on the sixth day god created her.", "If any one wants to swap bum jokes, I've got piles. ", "Some guy just assaulted me with milk, cream and butter. How dairy!", "I\u2019m worried something is wrong with my nervous system. ", "Be there or be square because you won't be a round! ", "Sex addicts put the \u201ccum\u201d in compilation. ", "The Nazi's were able to invade Poland so easily because they marched in backwards and the Polish army thought they were leaving. ", "My new years resolution is to stop using spray on deodorant! Roll on 2016.", "When i grow older, I want to be a couple with my wife.. Not a couple of parents.", "Did you hear about the burger van that crashed into the casino? There were chips everywhere.", "Why is your mum like Princess Jasmine? She's always got Aladdin!", "I took a crash course on airplane flying. [deleted]", "Energy is a hot topic in thermodynamics right now. ", "Can I just mention something? [removed]", "My wife and I were happy for twenty years; then we met.", "Police were called to a daycare where a three-year-old was resisting a rest.", "A Freudian Slip is when you say one thing but you mean your mother! ", "I heard the marathon in death valley ended in a dead heat. ", "The one thing that is constant is change, especially if you are a cashier. ", "My toilet was stolen and the police have nothing to go on. ", "Childbirth should not be referred to as \"delivery\" - \"takeout\" would be more accurate. ", "As a kid I was made to walk the plank because we couldn't afford a dog. ", "I wander how many chameleons snuck onto the ark?... ", "Midget jokes aren\u2019t funny unless it\u2019s scored like golf. ", "The only lit thing about birthday parties are the candles on the cake. ", "If McDonald\u2019s sold hot dogs, could you order (with a straight face) a McWeiner &amp; tell them to super size it? ", "My ex wife was deaf, she left me for a deaf friend. I should have seen the signs.", "People say I\u2019m condescending, which means I talk down to people. ", "Me and my mates were at an Indian restaurant and some guys started throwing rice at us. So we threw rice back at them. We had a pilau fight.", "Paddy in Wetherspoons: \"How much is your lager?\" Barman: \"\u00a32 a pint and \u00a37 a pitcher\" Paddy: I'll just have a pint, fuck the photo.\"", "I went to a mime party... They did unspeakable things. ", "A dyslexic walks into a bra ", "With tekashi69 potentially facing life in prison, we might finally see a mumblw rapper complete a sentence. ", "German sausage puns are the wurst. ", "I hate my mom because she always smothers me with hugs. I love my dad because he sfathers me with gifts. ", "They should readjust clothing size to S,M,L,XL,F(at) and 2F(at).", "What do you call a sheep with no head and no legs? A cloud.", "Why did the mushroom go to the party? Because he's a fungi! Why didn't he get in? There wasn't mushroom!", "I tried to throw away my yo yo, it was freaking impossible.", "Women don't marry men for their money, they divorce men for their money. ", "My brother took flying lessons. They asked him to stop. ", "Take away the good looks, charm, wealth and success, and there's basically no difference between me and Chris Pratt. ", "I can do a freakishly good impersonation of a loser with no money ", "My wife bought a sheepskin burka for the cold weather.She looks like mutton dressed Islam.", "I don't know why the boss calls it a week's wages when it only lasts for a day.", "What did the bra say to the hat? You go on a head, I'll give these two a lift!", "My friend told me he was going to a fancy dress party as an Italian island. I said to him 'Don't be Sicily'", "Steering wheels were a great idea because handlebars don\u2019t work too well in a car... ", "I wanna stop eating cold turkey but I don\u2019t know how. ", "Roses are dead, Violets are dead, I'm shit at gardening.", "In my dream I was attending a funeral, and suddenly this casket spoke up and asked the casket next to it, \"Is that you coffin?\" ", "I once said nada to my Spanish family but they didn't care, I guess it meant nothing. ", "I ordered a hotel wake-up call the other day. The phone rang and a woman's voice said, \"What the hell are you doing with your life?\"", "My wife says I'm spoken for.", "You can't spell subtext without buttsex. ", "I tried to kill a spider with hair spray. It's still alive but its hair look amazing!", "When I won the Embarrassing Bodies competition a huge smile formed on my back ", "In light of plummeting oil prices, Exxon Mobil plans to lay off several members of Congress. ", "I'm officially done with 2020. Going forward I will be writing 2021 on all my checks. ", "I bought a Christmas tree today. The guy asked me if I was going to put it up myself. I said no, I'll probably put it in the front room.", "I had to quit my job at the shoe recycling factory. It was sole destroying.", "What is a stalker's favorite part of a hospital? The I C U", "Bleach and latex gloves:$10. Plastic wrap, trash bags and duct tape:$ 20...Chainsaw:$200 The Horrified look on the cashiers face: PRICELESS!", "By the power vested in me, I announce you blocked and deleted, you may now kiss my ass. ", "The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.", "I took a test in Existentialism. I left all the answers blank and got 100.", "What if global warming was just the result of the rapidly increasing number of super hot women populating our Planet? \ud83d\ude05 ", "After (M)onday and (T)uesday even the week says WTF!", "What does Geronimo say when he jumps out of a plane?", "Did you ever noticed the word 'bed' actually looks like one?", "Everyone dreams of seeing a star up close and in person, unless they're an astronaut. ", "A thief who stole a calendar\u2026 got twelve months. ", "My boss said he\u2019s going to fire the worker with the worst posture and I\u2019ve got a hunch, it might be me. ", "Anal used to be taboo - now its just banal. ", "Eating a Tide Pod is not suicide, it's suiTide. ", "Living in a country with socialized medicine is great, but when my wife was pregnant, we had to wait 9 months to get a delivery room at the hospital. ", "I said to my wife:\"If you lick my balls I'll come\". She said; \"Fuck off, you're coming shopping with me whether you like it or not!\"", "A horse is a very stable animal. ", "If you find racist humor offensive, simply because you\u2019re black, lighten up. ", "When a department store Santa loses his job, does he get the sack ? ", "Schr\u00f6dinger's Pussy: my girlfriend may or may not be cheating on me with a physicist. ", "They say God is everywhere when in fact dogs are everywhere \ud83d\udc36 ", "all Humans are equals but everyone else monkeys robots etc can go screw themself ", "When they came out with the Philips head screw driver I wonder if the guy who made the flathead like \"What?! We can get credit for this?\" ", "A bad analogy is like going fishing. It doesn't make sense and it's a waste of time. ", "I went mental when they told me I was fit enough to leave the psychiatric ward. ", "Snow blows. That's why they invented something to literalize that.", "Return of the Jedi isn't possible without the Receipt of the Jedi. ", "There was a fight in the chippy last night! Two fish got battered.", "Racecar backwards is racecar, but racecar sideways is how Paul Walker died. ", "Fireworks safety is a burning issue. ", "Acupuncture: a jab well done ", "Tapping one\u2019s penis on the side of a bell can be addicting ", "lAssassins Inc. We aim to please.", "Did you know that if you took all the veins from a person's entire circulatory system and laid them out in one straight line, that person would die? ", "II hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicatious ", "Just been to visit my mates new baby, they asked me if I wanted to wind him. I thought that was a bit harsh, so I just gave him a dead leg.", "I threw a party for people who can't ejaculate. Nobody came.", "Every room is an Escape room if you're drunk enough. ", "Sperm Bank staff be like \"Get a load of this guy.\" ", "Polygamy is not the one. ", "There comes a time in every man\u2019s life when he must finish what he ", "I'd love to know what the media would do if there was ever a scandal about a gate. ", "If a dove is the bird of peace, then is a swallow the bird of love? ", "When MW3 was released in Iraq, they called it Sims.", "What do you call a man in a slow-cooker? Stu.", "If Donald Trump gets elected president there's gonna be hell toup\u00e9e.", "I could tell insomnia jokes all night and I\u2019d never get tired ", "I was riding a horse and it's leg broke so I had to shoot it. I'm not allowed on the carousel anymore.", "I can rest easy knowing my insomnia is cured. ", "If you think my posts are ridiculous you should see some of my life choices ", "Watson: Why are you painting the front door yellow? Holmes: A lemon entry my dear Watson!", "Nitrous oxide is no laughing matter. [deleted]", "Have you ever took a deep dive underwater and said, \u201edamn, that\u2019s breathtaking\u201d ", "Said \u201cHey Alexa\u201d to Siri, she\u2019s giving me the silent treatment ", "Our house doesn't have enough electrical sockets. It's a real power struggle.", "\u2014\u2014\u2014 ", "Reading someone's palm is a very underhanded thing to do. ", "To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.", "It is so cold outside I saw a politician with his hands in his own pockets. ", "I can't put into words how much I love my wife. I'm illiterate!", " Two cans of paint got married, later the bride whispered, \"Darling, I think I'm pigment.\"", "I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with \u201cGuess\u201d on it\u2026so I said \u201cImplants?\u201d", "The best trick to save cellphone battery is to use a watch. [removed]", "Sometimes you obviously miss the obvious because of the obvious ", "Until I was thirteen, I thought my name was 'Shut Up.'", "Primitive technologies rock! ", "What do vegetarian zombies eat? Graaaaaains.", "On the other hand, you have different fingers. ", "I don't understand metaphors very well. Sometimes I'm so far off base, I have to swim to shore. ", "I'm inclined to be laid back ", "Gaskterrakakorrhaphiophobia is a fear of pronouncing Gaskterrakakorrhaphiophobia incorrectly ! ", "I told her I had lightning quick reflexes. Sounds better than premature ejaculator.", "I hate petty people so much, I keep a list of them. ", "My dad always said, \"Don't reminisce.\" [deleted]", "Somebody just threw a bottle of omega 3 capsules at me. I only have super fish oil injuries but I'm lucky I wasn't krilled!", "My New Year's resolution is to make commitments I can't keep. I am well on my way.", "I was really upset when the doctor asked for a stool sample. This morning, I gave him shit. So basically I got over it.", "Money can't but you love, but thankfully I kept the receipt. ", "A rare coin collector lacks common cents. ", "Mary has 24 cupcakes she eats 9 at lunchtime, then she eats another 6 at dinner time. What does Mary have now? Diabetes", "What does ADHD stand for ? Attention Deficit Hey Doughnuts. ", "Everyone trusts Dr. Huxtable right, take 2 of these and call me in the morning...right? I took this from the \"Rodney King\" monologue", "Out with the lads from OCD anonymous tonight. Things aren't gonna get messy.", "Lorena Bobbitt enjoys cutting people off because... Well, people are dicks! ", "I think one of my dads is gay. ", "At me bro you come. - Yoda", "If you cut off your left arm, then your right arm will be left. ", "What's the smallest part in a BMW? The drivers penis. ", "What do you call a little Mexican? A paragraph, because he's not quite an essay.", "Teacher: Did you father help your with your homework? \nStudent: No, he did it all by himself.", "I know a lot of jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work", "When you get a bladder infection, urine trouble! ", "Threw the washing machine at the missus. Bosch!!", "My wife is spreading rumors that I'm schizophrenic. Well three can play that game. ", "Surely every car is a people carrier?", "My girlfriend says I'm too immature...well no more treehouse privileges for her.", "Everybody wants to change the world, but nobody wants to change the toilet paper roll. ", "Lopsided birds tend to be more left-wing. ", "I am confused, when a woman says she sucks, does that mean good or bad? ", "Bad decisions=good stories.", "If that wall isn't built juan day they will be driving across the border in carlos! ", "I just read about a dwarf being pick pocketed in the news. How could someone stoop so low!", "Instead of a hammock, it should be called the nap-sack", "Accidentally swallowed some Scrabble squares. Going for a poo could spell trouble!", "Weighing an elephant is just like weighing a human..But on a much bigger scale.", "I got a job as a human cannonball; they fired me on my first day. ", "I can't ever make enough money with comedy; my jokes keep killing but I have to keep buying more sheds. [deleted]", "I'm not a pessimist. I have a B Negative blood type.", "This year I\u2019m having an 80s themed birthday party, just going to be me doing a shitload of cocaine. ", "What do you call a row of rabbits walking backwards? A receding hare line. ", "I'll never forget my granddad's last words..He said 'That bus is going quite fast'.", "The cows returned to the marijuana field because the pot was calling the cattle back. ", "Spiral : recursive cursive ", "A guy in the locker room said that mutual masturbation was healthy, turns out he was just jerking me around. ", "Wife: Why are you home so early?\n\nHusband: My boss told me to go to hell.", "I'm insecure and I'm proud. ", "10 guidelines for Christian living [removed]", "My friend tells me I am too lazy to think for myself. What's he mean?", "For Halloween we dressed up as almonds. Everyone could tell we were nuts. ", "If you must accuse me of sounding like a spin doctor, just go ahead now. ", "I'm gender fluid. [removed]", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Panther. Panther who? Panther what you wear under your troutherth.", "Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money they don\u2019t generate a lot of interest.", "Why doesn't Superman need a boss? He already has supervision.", "I like Jesus but he loves me, so it\u2019s awkward. ", "I have a strange feeling throwing my boomerang will come back to haunt me... ", "Blowjobs suck [deleted]", "DJs give sound advice. ", "A grenade fell onto a kitchen floor in France and resulted in Linoleum Blownapart. ", "Infertility runs in my family. [deleted]", "I caught my teenage son drinking... how do I nip this in the Bud before he goes wild? [removed]", "What's another word for thesaurus? (c) Steve Wright (of course)", "My girlfriend left me for an Indian guy. It's okay, I know he's going to treat her well. I heard they worship cows", "My girlfriend left me for my neediness of approval. That's ridiculous, right guys? Right? Right?", "If you hold a mackerel to your ear you can just about hear the fishmonger in Morrisons telling you to put the fucker down.", "Respect your parents. They did school without google or Wikipedia.", "Why did the duck get arrested? Because he was selling quack!", "The hardest thing about business is keeping your own.", "Is Betteridge's Law right? ", "I just saw a great documentary earlier about how ships are kept together. It was riveting!", "On the way to work I crashed my car into the back of another, a dwarf got out and said 'I'm not happy!!'I said 'well which one are you then?'", "I\u2019m so ugly, the other night a mugger took off his mask and made me wear it. ", "What's blue and comes in pints? A Whale.", "I'm sexually attracted to metal boxes with locking system. But don't worry, it's safe sex. ", "I married my wife for her looks, just not the ones she's been giving me lately. ", "The good thing about marriage is that you can have sex at anytime you want. As long as you are the one with the vagina.", "It has recently been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.", "What do sea monsters like to eat? Fish and ships", "It doesn't matter how good the soap smells, never come out of the toilets smelling your fingers.\ud83d\udd90 ", "They say nothing rhymes with orange. They're wrong. Nothing doesn't rhyme with orange.", "When a clock is hungry it goes back four seconds ", "If we saw logs in our sleep then we should be called slumberjacks. ", "Are chefs learning Asian cuisine told to wok this way? ", "- What can you use used tampons for?  Tea bags for vampires", "I used to think seances were a waste of time until I went to one with my gran; seeing her panic made it completely worth it. ", "You cant like raising hell if you dont like raising taxes ", "I want to buy a bunch of hermit crabs and make them live together. ", "amishdirectfurniture.com I mean, really... ", "Why did Humpty Dumpty push Mrs Humpty Dumpty off the wall? So he could see her crack.", "Obesity Cures Wrinkles George Valentine: supposedly the shortest oneliner.", "What kind of shoes are made out of banana peels? Slippers.", "I wonder if Swollen Members could help Limp Bizkits career. ", "Colored people are great but I dont like coloured people ", "A guy studied linguistics just so he could discribe how bad his last job was. ", "Anxiety: Half of the time you're worried about the other half of the time.", "I don't consider myself bald. I consider myself taller than my hair.", "What do you call a food that turns black people on? An afro-disiac.", "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.", "What's black and screams? Stevie Wonder answering the iron. ", "I asked my proctologist for a second opinion.... so he stuck up two fingers. ", "For some, making friends is the hardest part of school; for others, it just cliques. ", "I decided to give up fly-fishing when I got badly hooked. ", "A horse walks into a bar. The bartender: Why the long face? ", "If you don\u2019t like murals, you\u2019re not looking at the big picture. [deleted]", "I just got a hair cut. Now I'm thinking about getting all the others cut too.", "I like my men like I like my coffee...ground up and in the freezer ", "Do midgets still start their childhood stories off with \"When I was little?\"", "Him: You're sexy!\nHer: And I Know it!\nHim: LMFAO, good one!", "My neighbors are listening to great music, whether they like it or not. ", "What's the best part about dating a black girl? Not having to meet the father.", "Why did Dracula's mother give him cough medicine? Because he was having a coffin fit.", "What is it called when I pay people off not to call it bribery?", "My mother never saw the irony of calling me a son of a b", "Technically, the condition of any mirror you buy is \"used\". ", "My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son of a bitch ", "I went to bed to a cock and woke up, ate a cock. ", "To write with a broken pencil is pointless. ", "\"Haunted House\" By Hugo First", "My boss gave me the sandal because I didn\u2019t mess up enough yet to get the boot. ", "Yo mama so fat when she steps on a scale, it read \"one at a time, please\"", "Yeah, you can't judge a book by it's cover. But if the cover isn't appealing, I ain't reading it.", "No matter how big your smartphone's screen is, you still have to scroll down to see Chelsea's position in the league table.", "They should make a Rosetta Stone for men to understand women.", "I hate it when people show a strong disliking to something. ", "Three blondes walk into a building. You'd think one of them would've seen it..", "Did you hear the Aggies bought a thousand septic tanks?As soon as they learn to drive them, they'll invade Mexico.", "Cole\u2019s Law: Thinly Sliced Cabbage ", "The universe is carnivorous. [removed]", "Phrenology is lowbrow ", "Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience", "The every in 'everyone' is perceived differently by everyone. ", "SPIDERMAN... Just another guy who ends up with sticky hands, after using the web. ", "Bulimic Cannibal At Rave Throws Hands Up. [deleted]", "Some guy said to me 'why are you carrying a 9ft book?' I said 'Its a long story'", "Why has the pope never won a gold medal?  Because he always came in a little behind.", "My wife left me because she said I was obsessed with plants. I asked her \"where's this stemming from petal?\"", "I just got a car for my wife. Great swap!", "It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do ", "I saw a poor old lady fall over today on the sidewalk! At least I presume she was poor - she only had $1.20 in her purse.", "Girl: Do you know, why were females created before males?\nBoy: Because God needed a rough funny draft before the final copy!", "I had a uranium chemistry set growing up which on one hand was great, but on the other hand is another 9 fingers. ", "Dear Math, please grow up and solve your own problems, I'm tired of solving them for you. ", "I tried to build a bottomless pit. But there was a floor in the plan. ", "I like lions manely because of their hair.", "What do you call a soldier who has been mustard gassed and pepper sprayed?  A seasoned veteran", "My dad was a Minotaur, my mom was a Mermaid and I got both human half\u2019s. ", "People say I\u2019ve got no willpower but I\u2019ve quit smoking loads of times. ", "I will only live in an apartment because I have homophobia! ", "My wife said she wanted some peace and quiet while she made dinner so I unplugged the smoke alarm. ", "The difference between the right word and almost the right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug.", "When I was growing up, my favorite roll model was always the Pillsbury Dough Boy. ", "What do you call a pig with three eyes. Piiig.", "I think diarrhea is hereditary, because it certainly runs in your jeans! ", "Why can't little black kids play in sandboxes?  Cats keep trying to cover them up", "This pickup line might just make your whole love life. HOW YOU DOIN' ;] (in joey's voice)", "Andy Murray has the perfect opportunity to finally get rid of his miserable boring persona! All he has to do is name his new daughter Ruby.", "I tried working in a muffler factory but that was exhausting.", "K2 isn't the highest mountain on earth, but it's up there. ", "What did one stoplight say to the other stoplight? Don't look! I'm changing!", "I\ufe0f never thought I\u2019d have a beard, but now it\u2019s starting to grow on me. ", "Why did the scientist disconnect his doorbell? He wanted to win the Nobel Prize.", "I'm a midget fucker, in short. [deleted]", "My friend was driving along when said that he needed some gas, so I offered him a swig of my Coca-Cola. ", "Can't find the bottom of my shoes. Guess I have some sole searching to do.", "2019 was an odd year, but hopefully things will even out in 2020. (Courtesy of my mom)", "My doctor was checking my balls for lumps the other day, but it got quite awkward when I ran my fingers through his hair. ", "If you copy from one author, it\u2019s plagiarism. If you copy from two, it\u2019s research ", "I'm working on getting six pack abs by drinking a six pack twice a day. ", "Restaurant toilets are fu***ng dangerous. So many of my dates have gone to use them and vanished. ", "My wife is so ugly she spent 5 hours in the beauty salon... Just getting a price.", "I just saw on the news 'Missing girl found safe' What I wanna know is. Could she crack it?", "When a snail loses its shell it looks sluggish. ", "Did you hear about the fire at the circus? It was in tents!", "Since brackish water is the mix of fresh and salt, shouldn't the President's name be Brack Obama? Sounds right to me. ", "Everybody wants to go to Heaven, but nobody wants to die. ", "What does a skeleton order at a restaurant? Spare ribs.", "Women should not have children after 50. Really\u2026 50 children are enough.", "Time's fun when you're having flies, Kermit said ", "lDon't take candy from strangers unless they offer you a ride.", "I don't like to think about the time I worked on the paint counter at a DIY store. It brings back mixed emulsions.", "A goose egg is good for nothing ", "I'm always willing to put in more hours at work, specifically lunch hours.", "Porn isnt that bad it prevents rape [deleted]", "Bear fights can often turn grizzly. ", "I'm such a virgin that even flipping a coin won't give me head. ", "I remember when my parents died, all they left me was a globe.. It meant the world to me.", "I think a mistake a lot of us make is thinking the court ordered psychologist is our friend. -- Emo Phillips-- ", "The kids next Door have challenged me to a water fight. I'm updating twitter while I wait for the kettle to boil.", "Some girl just said she wanted to have my children. Im dropping off my 2-year-old tomorrow.", "I'm so radical left that I'm right. ", "A blind person was eating seafood. It didn\u2019t help. ", "why dont vampires bite divorced MEN? beccause they have already been drained dry..", "Mental Note: Actual notes work better.", "Two antennas got married. The ceremony was so-so, but the reception was fantastic.", "Drivers who speed in the snow often find themselves adrift. ", "You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.", "Thought my drier was shrinking my clothes!! Turns out, it was my refrigerator. ", "Robots are like cell phones; you want to let their batteries run dead but when they make the \"low battery\" sound, you plug them in to make them shut up. [deleted]", "My wife's a mortician, from the moment we met, I knew I had to cadaver. ", "My friends were amazed when I told them I can predict the future using herbs. \"Is it true?\" they asked..' Only thyme will tell' I replied.", "The \"check engine\" light came on, so I did.\n\nYup, still there.", "\"When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick.\"", "I like my coffee like I like my women; ground up and in a bag. ", "The difference between purple and pink is the grip. ", "Eating delicious is way more fulfilling than looking delicious Id rather be fat(ish) and happy ", "You think they named the Black Plague before or after it killed 25 million people ", "My wife is finally losing weight thanks to a new slimming club.  If she goes near the fridge, I hit her with it.", "I used to go camping, past tents. ", "The oddest years of my high school career were 9th and 11th. ", "When I was younger I felt like a man trapped inside a woman\u2019s body and then I was born. ", "Reptiles are so enthusiastic! They're always up for it, right from the gecko!", "Jesus Christ fed 2,000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish. Adolf Hitler made 6 million Jews toast.", "Not gonna tell the wife that I refuse to get circumcised, because she'll bite my head off. ", "I've just donated $100 to a LGBT group. I hope it helps them find a cure. ", "I wish everything was as easy as getting fat. ", "Some guy just came to the door saying he was collecting for the local childrens home, so I gave him my kids.", "According to Kinect, I am the controller, so whenever I lose, I throw myself on the ground and stomp on myself.", "Jonathan Ross was arrested this morning for stealing kitchen utensils. He said it was a whisk worth taking.", "A journey under a thousand miles begins with a single stop. ", "I just started rewatching the Last Dance because I\u2019m back on that bullshit. ", "What's the difference between a girlfriend and a wife? 45 pounds.", "I don't like being asked \"paper or plastic?\". Both make it harder to see during sex. ", "I pat myself on the back when I am on the nose about some things, like putting my glasses. [deleted]", "What do you call an Asian receptionist? Tai Ping", "Why can't ghosts make babies? They have hollow weenies!", "Is 2 vegans fighting still called beef? \ud83e\udd14 ", "My father didn't love me as a child. Not surpirising really, I wasn't born until he was an adult.", "You should make like Eminem and Lose Yourself. ", "I worked as a stand up comedian in a old peoples home once. None of them understood my jokes but they still pissed themselves.", "I'm really a timid person - I was beaten up by Quakers.", "What is the difference between love and Herpes? Herpes is forever.", "I told my new yoga teacher I was an expert. She asked me to show the class a very advanced pose. This put me in a difficult position.", "I love talking about the future as much as the next guy. ", "How do you know an Asian broke into your home? Your dog has been eaten, math homework's done, and he's still trying to leave your driveway.", "Never argue with a woman when she's tired ... or rested. ", "Ever since I started trying to relive my youth at childrens playgrounds..My social life has been on the slide.", "I often have feelings of irrelevance and want to talk to someone about it, but can't find anyone that will speak to me. ", "How many New Yorkers does it take to screw in a light bulb? None of your damn business!", "What happens if a book on how to fail, sells? Is it now a success?", "When I found out that my masseuse is also a prostitute, I was relieved.", "I was trying to explain the concept of Twitter to my friend. But she finally said \"I don't follow you\"", "What do you call a person who delivers Indian food? Currier.", "Myth:\n\nIt is said to be that once the 'M' in MTV once stood for music.", "If you can only read one letter does that make you alliterate? ", "Peegret: Regretting not using the bathroom shortly after you leave a facility in which you were able to do so.", "I told my friend 10 jokes to get him to laugh. Sadly, no pun in 10 did.", "When my children were young I decided to child proof my house but somehow they always managed to get back in. ", "You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish. ", "If they opened a Barnes and noble in Istanbul would it be a Barnes and Constantinople? *from my nephew \ud83d\ude03", "Using misleading adjectives gives me a huge, throbbing smile ", "I can't believe how dangerous the world is. Just yesterday, I went into a McDonalds toilets and mugged someone.", "What's Gordon Ramsay's favorite movie? IT'S FUCKING FROZEN", "My sister thought her dentist was inappropriate when he tried to get her number while getting her number. ", "Whoever named the 'missle' was not very optimistic. ", "Cops pulled over a U-haul and busted a move. ", "I don't think I could stab anyone. I can barely put my straw through my Capri-Sun.", "Jokes about German sausage are the wurst.", "I called my kids Lager and Guinness and my wife's bitter. ", "The universe implodes... No matter.", "Asked Siri. \"Surely it's not going to rain today?\" She said, \"it is, and dont call me Shirley\". Forgot to take my phone off Airplane mode.", "Being good pays off later but evil pays off now. ", "What's big, grey and doesn't matter? An irr-elephant.", "When the clocks go forward an hour, will I have a six o'clock shadow? ", "Playing poker with more than 10 people is a much bigger deal ", "Made a chicken salad today. The little prick didn't eat it.", "The only thing less funny than my wife is a bunch of men posting misogynistic oneliners. ", "Being half deaf it's the worst disability: I just get to say \"huh?\" when I'm fined for taking a handicapped parking spot. ", "What's the hassle with valentine's day, it's only a date ", "Knowing sign language is pretty damn handy! ", "My maths teacher called me average. How mean!", "Communism jokes aren\u2019t funny unless everyone gets them. ", "I went to the doctors the other day and I said, 'Have you got anything for wind?' So he gave me a kite.", "What's the deal with the 14th of February it's just a date ", "Learning how to collect rocks wasn't that hard, I just picked it up as I went along. ", "A baby seal walks into a club...", "Here, I found what you were looking for - attention. ", "What's pink and slippery? A slipper.", "Hickeys suck. ", "I was sentenced to house arrest but I wasn't in at the time ", "\u201cAt my age flowers scare me.\u201d ", "if nothing is impossible then how am i doing nothing nowadays ", "I saw a sign that said lost $100 bill, the reward was a puppy. [deleted]", "Where do Bees use the bathroom? At the BP station. ", "Our kids always find their Christmas presents early, no matter where we hide them.So this year we've locked them in the attic..", "Last night in bed my wife asked me to roleplay. Turned out I was just an extra. ", "I wanted to lose weight so I went to the paint store. I heard I could get thinner there.", "\"Bro you changed\" yeah Iron Man died. [removed]", "I asked a wise old man what the secret to eternal life was? He said \"Don't die.\" ", "My local butcher is seven foot tall and a size fourteen shoe.. what does he weigh? Sausages.", "If your boss refuses to pay you more money, no problem, just accuse them of raise-ism. ", "A doctor tells a woman she can no longer touch anything alcoholic. So she gets a divorce. ", "Like a pediatrician, I have little patience. ", "With all the flooding in Texas, I wonder if street performers have added synchronized swimming to their acts. ", "What is Mr T's favourite yoghurt? Petit Filou", "I just really want a girl with Stockholm syndrome ", "\"You haven't listened to a word I've said, have you?\" Always seems like a strange way for my wife to start a conversation with me.", "My wife ran off with my best friend last week. I'm going to miss him.", "As soon as I finish wiping is when my bowels choose to RELEASE THE KRACKEN", "I'm beginning to think that if opportunity ever does knock, it'll be because it has to use my bathroom.", "\"mLaughing with the lizards, crawling with the snakes. [removed]", "Urinals need some anger management, they are always pissed.", "An honest Fox news anchor is a foxymoron. ", "Going to Passover Easter this weekend ", "In my experience, nude models are always overdrawn. [deleted]", "Trampolines are just homeless olines. ", "Girls have tea time, guys have tee time.", "I need some plant science textbooks but I haven't botany yet ", "pedophiles are fucking immature assholes ", "thank god for islam fixing the sausage parties with the 72 virgins for every sinning male ", "Random thought, I've never seen an Asian woman pregnant.", "What do you call a rich Chinese person? Cha Ching", "You know what gets me down? An extra chromosome", "To make sure I wasn't Russian around last minute for my eastern European holiday, I decided to go onto Romania.com to Bucharest ", "I was bitten by a mosquito last night. Bet that little bastard is pretty hung-over today!! [deleted]", "Evening news is where they begin with \u2018Good evening\u2019, and then proceed to tell you why it isn\u2019t.", "I heard that people from Taiwan are impatient and aggressive because they have a Taipei personality. ", "A truck full of Viagra was stolen today. Police are on the lookout for a group of hardened criminals.", "I've finally got it: my New Year's Resolution is to be more divisive... I mean decisive... I don't know which one. ", "Too bad that all the people who really know how to run this country are busy driving taxis and cutting hair. ", "If age is on the clock, she gets the cock ", "I just drank some WKD with ice in it. It was wicked.", "Don\u2019t you hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious? I do. It's well-nigh as atrocious as answering your own question.", "I put my left earphone in and said.. This doesn't feel right.", "The impulse to sing The Lion Sleeps Tonight is just a whim away. ", "If there was someone selling drugs in this place, weed know. ", "Foosball: A combination of soccer and shish kabobs.", "If I had a clothing store it would be called Clothes Minded. ", "Any day can be your wedding day, if you just lower your standards enough. ", "It's really difficult to find what you want on eBay. I was searching for cigarette lighters but found over 15,000 matches", "My wife was addicted to mud wrestling. She's been clean now for 6 months.", "Any bug can hit the windshield, but it takes guts to stick. ", "I saw a \"How To Budget\" DVD that was 50% off, so I bought a copy for all my friends. ", "I think my computer is female. She's always correcting my mistakes and telling me how to fix them.", "If you get heartburn eating cake, try taking the candles off. ", "Time flies when you're throwing watches.", "Sommeliers are really winey. ", "If you invent a better mouse trap, mice become your ally in making money ", "I remember the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket... \"How far do you think I can kick this bucket?\"", "When you really want to slap someone, do it and say \"Mosquito!!\"", "A wise man once said nothing.", "One in every two and a half men are HIV positive.", "Never play Jenga with hip-hop dancers because they always break it down. ", "They make movies about Christmas trees in Tinsel Town. ", "My girlfriend left me because she says I only ever think about football. I'm gutted, we'd been together for nearly three seasons.", "The advice \"stay in school\" should really be accompanied with some type of time limit ", "How do you make a dead baby float? Add 2 scoops of ice cream. ", "How do you know Justin Bieber is Canadian? Only a Canadian could get a #1 on Billboard with a song called Sorry.", "Every meal can be a meal for one, if you believe in yourself. ", "All generalizations are wrong. ", "The skywriting business is looking up ", "I consider \"On Time\" to be when I get there.", "So I suggested to my wife that she'd look sexier with her hair back\u2026 Which is apparently an insensitive thing to say to a cancer patient. ", "Jogging my memory is the most exercise I am getting during lockdown. ", "I just got off the phone with my mother. She called 12 years ago.", "If our President was a Muppet; he would be, a Trumpet. ", "I really don\u2019t get why 6 is so afraid of 7, seeing as 6 and 9 eat each other all the time anyway. ", "I can\u2019t remember the last time my memory was this bad. ", "Each day you get one day closer to death or years closer if you mess with me ", "The thing about walking shoes is you never know where they end up. ", "A chemistry lab is like a big party. Some drop the acid while others drop the base.", "I'm ultraviolet colorblind. ", "My sister just bet me I couldn\u2019t build a car out of spaghetti. Should\u2019ve seen her face when I pasta. ", "An open grave in a cemetery is a plot hole. ", "What's the difference between Celebrity Big Brother and Big Brother? Nothing.", "Amputations cost an arm and a leg ", "A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first thought of.", "I actually learned Morse code, and then I couldn't sleep because the rain kept telling me to go fuck myself. ", "If you dont like assholes then donate yours to someone who needs a transplant ", "My 9-year-old sister just got a bank account. That just mean wr are out of the recession..right?", "Indoor trampoline injuries are through the roof ", "I'm so gullible, my girlfriend told me she got a job at a cathouse and I thought it was a pet store. ", "The name corona virus brought to you by budweiser ", "As a kid I was made to walk the plank. We couldn't afford a dog.", "I bought a catfish the other day It was cat-fish and I bought it", "No one knew my grandma had a dental implant until it came out in a conversation. ", "If 30% of road fatalities are caused by drunk drivers, that means 70% are caused by sober drivers... ", "How do you know what Epistemology is...? ", "You can tell I'm not a doctor, because I have no patience. ", "What is Bruce Lee's favorite drink? Wataaaaah!", "I like to hold hands at the movies, which always seems to startle strangers. ", "What did the green grape say to the purple grape? Breathe damnit breathe!", "If you feel free in your country then you're too boring to cross the line ", "To the dude flipping me off for honking at him \u2014 your phone is on top of your car. ", "Of the thousands of days I've lived, I have a 99.9% success rate at not being a psycho killer ", "Tampax have announced that they will be replacing their traditional tampon string with tinsel. This will be for the Christmas Period only.", "Tired apostrophes risk falling into a comma.", "I love the anonymity of the Internet. I could be tweeting this naked and you would never know.", "They say there is safety in numbers. Tell that to 6 million Jews.", "Bob Dylan revealed that he has a sinus inflection ", "Taxi drivers think they own the road, but really the road owns them. ", "I had sardines for lunch, but they tasted a little fishy. ", "I'm still trying to figure out where buffalo wings come from!!! ", "Did you hear about the limo driver who was in business for 25 years without a single customer? All that time and nothing to chauffeur it.", "I'd rather kill myself than commit suicide ", "I know this girl who changed religions; she was traded for a prayer to be named later. ", "Thank God for the devil or else we would have noone but God to blame evil on ", "POLITICIANS & DIAPERS BOTH NEED TO BE CHANGED, AND FOR THE SAME REASON.", "I recently lost my grandfather. That's the last time I take him to Ikea!", "During my army service I managed to kill a lot of people, but considering the fact that I was a medic, I\u2019m not so sure that\u2019s a good thing. ", "I got an e-mail saying, \"At Google Earth, we can read maps backwards!\" and I thought, \u201cThat\u2019s just spam.\u201d ", "My wife likes to tell people our dog was \u201cfixed\u201d but I just call a spayed a spayed. ", "I can safely say with a heavy heart that my chest hurts. ", "Donald Trump Resigns! Claims he just couldn't hack it. ", "Buying spiders from the pet store costs way more than getting them off the web.", "My wife and I split up over my use of horoscope jokes -- in the end, it Taurus apart. ", "I went to Waterstones and asked the woman for a book about turtles. She asked \"hardback?\" and I was like \"yeah, and little heads\".", "If all the people in the world stood on the equator in a single fine line that wrapped around the world, most of them would drown. ", "Its okay to misfit, we are not jigsaw. ", "It just doesn't seem right to write your autobiography before your dead.", "I am making it my job to put the \"fun\" back into \"funeral.\"", "I have a phobia of over engineered buildings. It's a complex complex complex.", "I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She said, \"Sex! Sex! Sex! Free Sex tonight!\" I said, \"Wow!\" Her friend said, \"She means 666-3629.\"", "Every pizza is a personal pizza if you try hard and believe in yourself ", "I crack good drug puns. ", "I took a poll recently and 100% of people were annoyed that their tent had fallen down.", "Why did Star Wars' episodes 1, 2 and 3 come after episodes 4, 5 and 6? Because Head of Planning Yoda was.", "Why did the pig buy flour and sugar? He felt like bacon.", "I keep all of my clothes in my dresser...except my feminine clothes, which I keep in my cross-dresser. ", "When I found out that my toaster wasn't waterproof. I was shocked!", "Having God on your side won't do you much good if you're on the wrong side of history ", "What do thieves get for stealing calendars? 12 months", "don't judge a book by its movie.", "What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? Snowballs", "My wife told me that women were better at multitasking than men. I said to sit down and shut up. Guess what? She couldn't do do either!", "I think my baby frog is eastern European. It's a tad Polish", "I was trying not to wake anyone up the other night, so I put some French pancakes on my feet and crep\u00e9d up the stairs. ", "I thought if I took the shell off my racing snail it would go faster. If anything it seems more sluggish.", "I love being a maze designer. I get completely lost in my work. ", "I was addicted to the Hokey Pokey but I turned myself around [x-post r/funny] picture.", "Two consonants and a vowel go into a bar", "What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?\n\nWiped his butt.", "I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.", "My buddy just asked me where he's supposed to rub the computer to turn it on..", "I have been reading the thesaurus lately, because the mind is a terrible thing to garbage. ", "I used to be afraid of gardening, but then I grew a pear. ", "Atheist flat earther ", "I've just been house hunting. One place had mirrors covering the walls of every room. I thought.. 'I can see myself living here'", "After giving my son two karate lessons, he said he didn't want any more. Still, at least I got my car washed and my fence painted.", "At weddings old people always poke me and say you'll be next! It's so annoying! So, I've started doing the same to them at funerals.", "\"What's the definition of anxiety?\" \n\"The half of the time when you're worried about the other half of the time.\"", "Apart from being human, I have nothing to be ashamed of ", "Why couldn't the pirate play cards? Because he was sitting on the deck.", "Beauty is only a light switch away.", "There is nothing wrong with being gay and thats why you should take this pill that makes you gay [deleted]", "i think i'll join the flat earth society at the next vernal equinox. ", "I've lost loads of weight this month! This whole 'not having any money for food' thing is really working out well.", "I'm a pacifist and I'll fight anyone to prove it. [deleted]", "I'm still not sure if I understand ambiguity.", "Every dog is either a bitch or a son of a bitch ", "What do you do with an elephant that has three balls? Walk him and pitch to the giraffe.", "How many introverts does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Why does it have to be a group activity? ", "I just bought some expensive venison. It's dead deer.", "I never forget a face , but in your case I'd be glad to make an exception ", "The Chinese might have the smallest dick in the world but still managed to fuck us all. [deleted]", "What is the difference between a tribe of sly aborigines and a female track team? The first is a pack of cunning runts.", "How much deeper would the oceans be without sponges?", "Drilling for oil is boring.", "A bikini is an outfit where 90% of a women's body is exposed and men are decent enough to stare at the 10% that is covered.", "Who's the world's most famous blacksmith? Will Smith", "I knew that my gay friend was lying to me because he couldn't keep a straight face. ", "If you steal a clean slate, does it go on your record?", "A British prisoner has squeezed 4 smuggled mobile phones out of his arse. All chargers have been dropped.", "Why are New Yorkers so depressed? Because the light at the end of the tunnel is New Jersey", "What did the Mexican say when his term paper flew out the window? - \"Where you goin', essay?\"", "I used to own a motorcycle shop, but I had to sell it. I was always two tired.", "A \u201cline\u201d is the shortest distance from A to B. Punctuation is irrelevant. Every midget joke qualifies. ", "I rang the council to ask if I could have a skip outside my house. They said \"You can cartwheel down the street for all we care\"", "Breaking News! Ne ws", "Two plus two does not equal for. ", "If the Queen farts, is it a noble gas? ", "I got a girl from the park by using my sex tape. Bought it at Lowe's and it kept her quiet for hours. ", "I did 24andme, and I have Down syndrome. [deleted]", "I really need to finish my essay on the wind..At the moment it's little more than a draft.", "There's no \"I\" in Denial.", "In order to lie, one must first know the truth. ", "I thought opening the door for a lady was the polite thing to do..but she just screamed and flew out of the plane..", "Mike Tyson is such a religious guy, he punches people in the faith. ", "I'm reading a book about mazes, I got lost in it. ", "lSending Postcards From A Plane Crash (Wish You Were Here).", "My girlfriend said she wants me to make her feel like she is the only girl in the world. So I'm going to drop her off in the desert and leave! ", "I bought a waterbed in hopes that me and my girlfriend would eventually drift away.", "I just ate Reese's Cups. He was pissed ", "What do you call a Bear that's missing an ear? A 'B'", ") I keep misspelling onomatopeeya! ", "My girlfriend didn't like something I said at breakfast, so she threw her bacon at me, which I thought was kind of a ham-handed response. ", "To neigh or not to neigh, that is equestrian. ", "How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it. I'm serious that Israeli how he does it.", "This sentence is a perfect example of my excessive, superfluous, and redundant use of a thesaurus. ", "The mail has became so slow that the seeds I ordered arrived in full bloom.", "Yesterday I took a dehumidifier into a sauna, just to see which one would win. ", "I wish mosquitoes sucked fat instead of blood. ", "I keep drinking six-packs, but my abs aren't getting anymore ripped.", "Getting a vacuum cleaner for Christmas would suck. ", "What did the man on the 100 MPH escalator say? \"Well that escalated quickly\" ", "A man walks into a bar with a roll of tarmac under his arm and says \"Pint please, and one for the road\"", "Yesterday the military lost a high tech camouflage tank. ", "What If Aliens only abduct crazy people BECAUSE no one will believe them?", "My girlfriend and I have been in an open relationship for three months now...and she still doesn't know. [deleted]", "The girl wants to blow job [removed]", "Elton John is a great pianist, but he sucks on the organ. ", "I can't stand being in a wheel chair. ", "Who picks up shit from a seeing eye dog?", "Procrastination has it's good side. You always have something to do tomorrow.", "What was Alzheimer's again? ", "I broke into a shoe store and tied the laces together on all the womens' shoes. Bitches be trippin.", "You know what they say about cliffhangers... ", "I got fired from my job as a taxi driver because it turns out, my customers didn't like it when I tried to go the extra mile. ", "I made a vaccine for autism, but unfortunately a side effect is that it gives you the flu. [deleted]", "1 in 50 european countries is Hungary. [deleted]", "- ", "Exercise bikes get you nowhere.", "Assuming someone is good at oral sex is as foolish as assuming a plumber is good at brain surgery. ", "There are not a lot of dates mentioned in between black Friday and a white Christmas, but I suppose that's always been a bit of a gray area. ", "My Nigerian wife looked at our 5-year-old kid and said \"aww, they blow up so fast\"", "I walked into a bar with my pet newt. The bartender asked 'What's that thing? Its tiny' 'I know, Its my newt'", "I bought some land where two tectonic plates meet... [deleted]", "I accidentally walked in on my room mate and found him covering himself with jars of Mayo ....... \"What the Hellman ?\" ", "Is it my imagination, or was music better when ugly people were allowed to make it? ", "Globes should just be called Map Balls. So pretentious. ", "My friend Tony doesn't have any shins. ", "All the christians I know are going to have a good friday today ", "In Silence Of The Lambs, when Buffalo Bill told the girl in the pit that he was going to make a suit from her skin, I like to think she said \"are you putting me on?\" ", "Which came first, the chicken or the egg?\n\nNeither, the rooster did", "Mouse traps are one of the best things on the market: they're practically untouchable. ", "I have a degree in art--you want fries with that?", "I used to go out with a Dutch girl who wore inflatable shoes, but then she popped her clogs!", "Make sure to use protection when having phone sex. I didn't and now I have hearing aids. You should also use protection when having Skype sex, but avoid Trojans.", "Jedi Knight George Baiter refuses to be promoted. ", "I can\u2019t remember ever getting nits as a kid, although I do have a lousy memory. ", "I skipped church and went to the shoe shop to save my sole ", "How do you get an 80-year-old woman to yell, \"Fuck\"? You get another 80-year-old woman right next to her to yell, \"Bingo!\"", "Can the hive mind create humour out of thin air? r/FollowThePunchline", "Undiagnosed depression makes me sad. ", "If you spin a Chinese man around a hundred times does he get disoriented?", "All medicines have one side effect in common: Reduction in disposable income.", "Of course it's in the last place you look. You're not gonna keep looking after that..right?", "What do you call a Mexican bodybuilder without a protein shake? No whey Jos\u00e9", "Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush", "Headline: Suicidal twin accidentally kills sister", "You sink the rocks that you step on. ", "I'm terribly proud of my ballsack and love to show it off.....Some people think I'm egotesticle. ", "Need a distraction? Not only does 12+1=11+2, but the letters \"twelve plus one\" rearrange to give you \"eleven plus two\".", "It's crazy how sexist the postal service is. I guess that's natural with such a mail dominated industry.", "The latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people makes 75% of the world's population. ", "The Chinese might have the smallest dick in the world But they still managed to fuck us all", "Fatherhood. It's a real motherfucker. ", "life got a lot better once i started leaving the voices in my head on read.", "\"How do construction workers remember their tasks? They drill them into their head!\"", "stay positive to the last day of your life ", "I said to my friend, \"Let's take turns naming American vice-presidents, Al Gore first.\" ", "When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading.", "HIV is how they wrote high five in Roman times, but, don't go spreading it around ", "I used to thing revenge was a dish best served cold, but then I realized it meant getting back at somebody. ", "My best mate died after taking an 'E'. The security at the Countdown TV studio don't mess about!", "You have two parts of brain, 'left' and 'right'. In the left side, there's nothing right. In the right side, there's nothing left. ", "What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed? Oh sheet!", "In Beverly Hills...they don't throw their garbage away. They make it into television shows.", "I, put commas, in, weird places, so that, you, will, read, this, like William, Shatner. ", "I have a theory that conspiracy theorists aren\u2019t real. ", "My wife said she's leaving me because she can't handle my OCD. \"Close the door ten times on your way out,\" I said.", "I want to be a millionaire just like my dad, he also wants to be a millionaire. ", "Guys that try to pick up girls on Twitter are pathetic. Girls If you agree message me your number and we can talk about it.", "A Physicist and a Biologist had a relationship, but there was no Chemistry.", "What do you call a Mexican that lost his vehicle? Carlos", "So I picked up this girl the other day... ... she was pretty heavy.", "Definition, slut: has been rogered more times than a copper's walkie talkie. ", "I'm in a same-sex marriage. The sex is always the same.", "My wife told me she\u2019s thinking about writing a book, I told her that\u2019s a novel idea. ", "Women live longer than men beacuse most of them don\u2019t have a wife. ", "You need brains to be a neurosurgeon. ", "Is there anyone out there that suffers from multiple personalities....I just want you to know, you're not alone. ", "The problem with political jokes is they always get elected.", "My parents used to be happy when I took naps..now they think I'm lazy.", "Found a joke in the bin today. It was rubbish.", "I tried playing pool with a shark but I think I did it wrong, cause now the Rec Center AND American Humane Society are pissed. ", "Why do squirrels swim on their backs? To keep their nuts dry!", "If prisoners get arrested, where do they go?", "long time no kiss, how sad. ", "There are 10 binary digits. I think this is better: \"there are 10 kinds of people - those who can count in binary.\"", "Anything is a free sample if you're quick enough. ", "what did red fox say when his wife walked in on him jerking it to clown porn? \"Im cummin elizibeth!\"", "Same shit different day, unless you're a plumber. Then it's different shit same day. ", "My roommates are concerned that i'm using their kitchen utensils, but that's a whisk i'm willing to take. ", "What's blue and looks like a bucket? A blue bucket. What's red and looks like a bucket? A blue bucket in disguise.", "My friend couldn't afford to pay his huge water bill, so I sent him a \"Get 'Well' Soon\" card. ", "I got mugged by six dwarves last night. Not happy. ", "I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.", "Finally all of my winter fat is gone and now I have spring rolls. ", "I wasoffered a job of dressing up as a monkey to advertise my local zoo, but I turned it down because it paid peanuts. [deleted]", "There's a gang going though our town, systematically shoplifting clothes in size order. The police believe they're still at large.", "I'm so terrified of big jungle cats that they make me puma pants. ", "Why did the orange stop? Because it ran out of juice.", "I avoid oneliners for the same reason I avoid cocaine: one line is never enough. ", "someone melted all my ice cubes and now i have to call the fbi because the water crossed state lines ", "Obesity doesn't run in my family, the problem is no one does.", "Say, Ernie, want some Ice Cream? Sherbert", "I used to be great at telling oneliners, but now no seems interested in hearing jokes without the punchline. ", "Replacing car mufflers all day makes me so exhausted. ", "Whoever left their phone in the Walmart parking lot please stop calling my new number. ", "Me: When I was younger I was given a choice, a long penis or a good memory. Wife: Which one did you choose? Me: I can't remember.", "Why do they offer senior discounts? They've had twice as long as anyone else to get the money!", "Keep an eye out for pirates. ", "Watermelon is pretty good, I prefer vodkamelon though ", "If the Incredible Hulk ever inherits the mantle of Captain America, he needs to change his name to the Star-Spangled Banner ", "You know what they say about cliffhangers. ", "I just put ham and pineapple in a roll today, because that's Hawaii roll. ", "I really took it personally when this zombie was looking for brains and it walked right by me. ", "A baseball player walks into a bar and the bartender throws him out. ", "I don't have a short temper, I just have a quick reaction to bullsh*t.", "I mean, I like to exercise, but I'm not really a fan of Catholicism... Or demons. ", "What do little birdies see when they get knocked unconscious?", "My wife was pretty upset when she found out my nickname in college was \u201cThe Love Machine\u201d; i was pretty bad at tennis. ", "I'm looking for a vitamin to supplement my income. Jay London", "My cousin took a ruler to bed to see how long he could sleep for. ", "the Patriot Act is patriotic like the Titanic was a titan ", "Of all the well hung men I've seen on the internet, Robin Williams is probably the best. [deleted]", "Corona didn't pay a dime for their product placement in the Fast and Furious movies and now it has gone viral. ", "War does not determine who is right \u2013 only who is left.", "You think you could convict me of a crime? Just try me. ", "As a deaf person, I am constantly confused about Pitbull's obsession with this Dale fella. ", "Fathers are like boomerangs.... I hope ", "My plumber friend says his job is draining sometimes. ", "A dairy cow that doesn't produce milk is udderly useless ", "Help the police - beat yourself up.", "How do you get a fat girl into bed? Piece of cake.", "My buddy invited me to go fishing, but I said heck no when he told me the fish were biting. ", "What's long and hard on a black man? The first grade.", "Just told my joke about Peter Pan again. Never gets old.", "What does a house wear ?.... Address ", "Parking a car doesn't need much space, but parking 200 cars...that needs a lot. ", "\"Doctor! Doctor! I snore so loudly, I wake myself up at night.\"\n\"Have you tried sleeping in another room?\"", "What's black and white and eats like a horse? A Zebra.", "If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?", "I'm pretty sure Dora the Explorer is the maid on Family Guy.", "If you use the word gay in the wrong context, I'm sorry but you're a fucking faggot. [deleted]", "A diamond ring is a way of telling a woman, \"I love you so much I want African children to suffer just so your finger can shine.\" ", "When can't a pen write out a check? When it's broke. ", "I wrote a one liner. It was downvoted for using a period instead of but. ", "Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.", "People who use metaphors are assholes. ", "Why is there an L in NoeL if it's NoeL? ", "Government of the rich people, buy the people, for the rich people shall not perish from earth! [deleted]", "My favourite indoor activity is lock picking. ## ", "the young pine sapling was admonished by his father apparently he'd been knotty ", "What do Transvestites do for Christmas? Eat, Drink, and be Mary", "I thought I had road rage but it turns out I'm just an angry drunk. ", "If flying is so safe, why do they call the airport the 'terminal'?", "Early to rise, and early to bed, makes a man healthy but socially dead.", "Improve your memory by doing unforgettable things. ", "I was addicted to the Hokey Pokey, but I turned myself around. ", "Never been a fan of lollipop ladies, they make me cross. ", "How do you stop moles from digging up your garden? Hide their spades.", "Choosing between Democrats and Republicans is kind of like being asked if one prefers to be enslaved or raped. #PoisonParty2020", "To the thief who stole all my cans of red bull, I don't know how you can sleep at night. ", "If two people who have names that sound the same and got married, then can we call them a rhyming couplet? ", "Skeletons never fight because they don't have the guts. ", "Sadly everyone was sad, but luckily everyone was lucky! ", "I killed a lion with my bear hands ", "You know why they call them potato chips? (hint: omit the \"c\")", "Waiter walks up to a table of Jewish mothers. Asks, \"is anything OK?\" ", "If you eat pasta and antipasto the calories cancel each other out. ", "If your parents never had children, chances are neither will you. ", "If I win the lotto I'll pay off my debt; the rest will just have to wait. ", "When a girl changes her clothes in front of you she's either interested, or she hasn't spotted you in the tree yet. ", "What do you get if you cross a motorway with a wheelbarrow? Run over.", "Why was the pig in the kitchen? It was bacon.", "If a woman ever asks if I have tattoos I say 'Yes, I do, but they're so realistic that you can't even see them', that way I have both opinions covered. ", "How do pigs get to a hospital? By riding in a hambulance.", "Breaking: Caitlyn Jenner accuses Bruce Jenner of years of sexual harassment. ", "I don't get the point to curved TV's ", "Confidence looks like arrogance if seen from below. ", "Now that Microsoft is so big, should it be called Macrosoft?", "What's Epistemophobia? ", "Little did I know that I was psychic. ", "A mime once said to me: [deleted]", "I hate it when ice sculptures give me the cold shoulder. ", "2 guys walked into a bar. The third one ducked.", "The worst thing about having more money than sense is probably the fact I don't have very much money.", "Just past my English exam.", "Did you blow bubbles as a kid? Well, he's back in town and wants his money back.", "Asian parents: *Your report card comes home* YOU GOT C?! WHY YOU GET C?! YOU NO C-SIAN, YOU NO B-SIAN, YOU A-SIAN!", "Where does an Irish family go on vacation? A different bar.", "My Wife says I don't listen to Her, or something like that. ", "Conjunctivitis.com a site for sore eyes ", "I love giant squid jokes because they\u2019re always kraken me up. ", "Fun fact: it's possible to be vegan and shut the fuck up about it Source: Jimmy Carr", "Yo mama is so fat, she eats cereal out of a satellite dish.", "Humility is an alright policy ", "Life is hard, after all it kills you! ", "I write songs about condoms, I'm in a rubber band. ", "I'm terrified of skipping ropes, bungees and trampolines. They make me jump.", "I tried making an airplane out of twigs and stones, but that didn't fly. ", "I turned on the god mode cheat in a game then found myself holding a pen sketching some of the games artwork before it was built ", "If good dare not dare devils, then evil can evil. ", "What do you call a girl who sets fire to her credit card statements? Bernadette.", "A '5 finger discount' is an interesting proposal coming from a prostitute ", "I am optimistic that my friend will come out of the surgery , not sure about the patient . ", "Hitler bit off way more than he could Jew. ", "I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up.", "My black friend asked me if there's a colored printer in the library. I said \"Shit man, it's 2015 you can use whatever printer you want!\"", "Hear about the three blonds that walked into a bar? I figured the third one would have ducked. ", "I said to my wife the other day \"Why dont you tell me when you have an orgasm?\" She said \"I dont like to ring you at work.\"", "I had this really funny joke about The Sun I was going to tell you all, but some redditor made a funnier joke about The Moon and totally eclipsed it. ", "As a kid I was stupid.But after years of learning, I accept ed it ", "The lettuce was ahead and the tomato was trying to ketchup ", "advertisers are master baiters ", "I AM in shape; round is a shape. ", "I cannot fathom how deep the ocean is. ", "I heard Einstein got along well with his parents ... relatively speaking. ", "To be a white supremacist you have to think white humans are better than space aliens ", "At AA I was told I need to stop making pour decisions. ", "DID YOU HEAR FRANCE HAS A NEW NATIONAL FLAG? It is white with a white stripe and a white star!", "I know the earth is flat, cause I\u2019ve been livin\u2019 on the edge. ", "So this black guys stopped me on the subway and asked \"did the Yankees win?\" I said \"Yes, it's ok, you're free now\"", "Horses are so negative [deleted]", "Hundreds of kids are shipped off to \"Mime Boarding School\" every year, never to be heard from again.", "Scrambled eggs should be spelled dcrbmlaes gegs ", "My conjoined twin has a huge penis. [deleted]", "What did the female dinosaur call her blouse business? Try Sarah's tops.", "I originally thought the barber cut my hair too short, but it's growing on me. ", "I was taking naughty pictures of my ficus plant, when my religious friend said. \u201cWhat a photo sin this is!\u201d ", "Gotta admit, they had a solid plan to distract people from Epstein\u2019s death. [deleted]", "The exchange rate is crazy, even the Canadian dollar is a little loonie. ", "When going down on a girl, spend time on the inner thighs and around her pussy. You have to think outside of the box. ", "If you ate pasta and antipasta, would you still be hungry?", "I have a \u00a350 note but it's made of metal..I think it may be forged.", "Don't let my glasses fool ya, I am actually really dumb [deleted]", "I received an email from Google. It said, \"At Google Earth we can read maps backwards \" I thought, \"That's just spam.\"", "How is it possible to have a 'civil' war?", "My friend David lost his i.d.. Now we just call him Dav. ", "The world's full of apathy, but I don't care.", "I work out religiously\u2014Christmas and Easter. ", "The only time I like the sound of a doorbell, is when I ordered pizza ", "\"My mother was always pulling my leg, that's why one is six inches longer than the other.\" ", "Why do so many people on Facebook take pictures of their mirrors?", "My wife asked me to hand her some lip gloss earlier, but I mistakenly gave her Super Glue; she hasn't spoken to me since. [deleted]", "India recently legalized arranged gay marriage, it's their version of population control. [deleted]", "When it comes to anagrams, I don't know my earholes from my arsehole.", "Sometimes I consistently do my chores ", "I've been single for so long now, when somebody says to me, 'Who are you with?', I automatically say: 'Vodafone'.", "An E-Flat, a G-Flat and a B-Flat walk into a bar. The barman says \"sorry but we don't serve minors\".", "I wish there was a cereal with human shaped things to eat, then I could be a cereal killer.", "What do you call a man with a haggis on his head? Scott", "I was going to start an annuity, but decided to play it by year. ", "If was a priest and you were a child, holy fuck. ", "Gordon Ramsay should be Thyme magazine\u2019s person of the year. ", "This Halloween I'm going dressed as a ghost... to the bar... to get boos. ", "Why is the alcoholic law student sad? Because he couldn't pass the bar.", "During Vietnam I was stationed in Poontang, crawled my way out through blood to get out. ", "Cornflakes used to be my favorite cereal, but the last time I had a bowl my brother came downstairs and asked me if I'd seen his scab collection anywhere. ", "Doing 69 gave me cancer. [deleted]", "Being dyslexic in college really stinks, especially when you're in a fart. ", "I had a bit of a lazy day sitting in my underpants looking for jobs online. My boss was furious.", "I decided to stop masturbating and since then I\u2019ve not really felt myself. ", "I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap. ", "I wonder if calendar business will go bankrupt in 2012.", "I like to be romantic after sex and whisper things into her ear like... \"hey... Go home\"", "It goes without saying that, well, you know ... ", "Many crimes against mimes go unreported ", "Living in a vacuum would really suck &amp;#x200B;", "\"Honeysuckle\" is also what a pimp might advise his women to do. ", "When the blackjack tables get busy, it's an all decks on hand situation. ", "How do you make a horse drink? Put it in a blender.", "As a tall person, you've really gotta hand it to people who ask you to reach something. ", "Watch out for lamp manufacturers. There are a lot of shady characters.", "My doctor told me I had high blood pressure, I took this news like I do everything else. With a pinch of salt.", "I'm struggling to write a porn movie. There's just too many holes in the plot.", "I heard a bunch of Japanese people chanting \"We want rights! We want rights!\" They must be scared of the dark or something.", "Even YouTube thinks I am cheap, I got offended when I noticed that only the dirty videos had \"Recommended for you\" written under them. ", "Why do golfers wear 2 pairs of pants? In case they get a hole in one.", "The high school music teacher was quite controversial, because he told his students to read band books. ", "I never make mistakes, I thought I did once.. but I was wrong.", "My girlfriend just asked me \"When we go to Egypt, can we go on a Camel?\" I said, \"Fuck off, it would take ages to get there on a camel\".", "I used to only travel with a fleet of ships, but now I only like one-liners. ", "The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.", "The road to hell is paved with good intentions and so is the road to heaven so theres a road between heaven and hell ", "The brain is simple, the mind is not. ", "My neighbour keeps racing pigeons but the pigeons always win. ", "Whats blue and not that heavy ? Light blue. ", "He's had the clap so many times, it's more like applause by now. ", "My friend was asking for game recommendations, but wouldn't take nioh for an answer. ", "When you\u2019re Russian for food, there\u2019s time for Stalin ", "No matter how good you are at tennis, you will never be better than a wall. ", "My ex, who left me 267 days 3 hours and 16 minutes ago, says that I've \"not moved on\". ", "My ED business was a flop. ", "Two cats named 123 and Une-Deux-Trois swam across a river. 123 Cat made it but Une-Deux-Trois Cat Sank.", "Marriage is a three ring circus: an engagement ring, a wedding ring, and suffering", "I have a phone interview tomorrow. What are some good questions to ask a phone?", "This year International Women\u2019s day is only 23 hours because of Daylight Savings. I expect better in 2020. ", "Irony: The Bible is the best-selling book in the world, with more than 50 copies a minute, but also the most shoplifted book.", "One should only use shower fixtures that would be approved by Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi. ", "Why was the mushroom invited to the party? Because he's a fungi.", "How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb? It's an obscure number you've probably never heard of.", "Knock! Knock! \nWho's there?\nRobin.\nRobin Who?\nRobin you so hand it over.", "No one goes there anymore..it's too crowded _Another classic from yogi berra", "All you can do is to try. If you fail you can always catch an exception. ", "When it comes down to a choice between being a restaurant worker or an axe murderer, better plate than sever ", "My wife said that I only ever want sex with her when I'm drunk.That's not true!.. I usually want a kebab as well.", "I went to the supermarket to buy some ingredients to make soup, but they were out of stock.", "My friend has got an excellent nose for wine. It's shaped like a corkscrew.", "My wife let's me show her who's boss every once in awhile.", "Kept sending back my food for being too blurry. Turns out I need glasses. ", "Be kind to math teachers, they have enough problems. ", "My new dildo is a pain in the ass to take out... ", "As punishment for my crimes, I am serving a suspended sentence and also ", "Make love not war - or marry and do both.", "Just drove past another crucifix on the side of the road, got me thinking... why are christians such bad drivers? ", "You know you're getting old, when you get a call girl to your room and you're hoping the massage is good. ", "Fear is when subconsciously you dont admit a bad thing could happen even though logically you know it could ", "I just heard a woodpecker call me a paranoid twat in morse code ", "Crocodiles can grow up to 20 feet, but most have just four.", "Yo mama is so old she farts dust.", "Why can't someone look at me the way i look at French fries..", "There are two types of people in the world: those who can extrapolate from incomplete data. ", "What did the little Iraqi girl tell her father after he bought her a new backpack? Thanks for the Baghdad.", "Since getting married my only pastime is mourning sex. ", "If you're not patient, you'll become one.", "What if ...soy milk is really just milk introducing itself in Spanish ", "Dead batteries are free of charge! ", "Dr. Frankenstein entered a body building contest and soon discovered he had seriously misunderstood the objective. ", "Did you hear about the Republican Fried Chicken fast food restaurant? All they serve are right wings and a**holes.", "Ask the taxi driver if he had room on the front seat for a 12 pack and a pizza. He said, 'Sure.' I said, BAARRRFF ", "Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is? ", "He's a handsome guy, just like my wife. ", "What do you call a vehicle with no fuel in Africa? Outtagascar", "The inventor of the anagram has died...may he \"erect a penis.\" ", "Do you think mosquitos compete with each other for who can make this human slap himself more without dying? ", "What's long and hard and makes women groan? An Ironing Board.", "I think my brother is heading for another breakdown. He's an AA man.", "I accidentally gave myself a mullet but it\u2019s growing on me. ", "What do you call a joke with no punchline? ", "Not for nothing, but I am opposed to nihilism. ", "You can tell a lot by the way a woman walks. Like if she walks away, she's probably not into you.", "FOR SALE: Packet of Polo's. Unopened mint condition.", "Imagine having Aphantasia ", "I'm not fan of the new\ufeff pound coin, but then again, I hate all change! ", "My poor knowledge of Greek mythology has always been my Achilles elbow. ", "Jimmy Saville, Rolf Harris and Stuart Hall walk into a pub in Ireland. Barman says \"not yew tree again\"", "We'll we'll we'll, if it isn't auto correct. ", "How are Christians against piercings, didn't Jesus have like four? ", "I got kicked out of the hospital. Apparently the sign \"stroke patients here\" meant something completely different than I assumed.", "I tried to sue the airport for losing my luggage, but I lost my case. ", "When I was young, I used to think earwigs actually lived in your ears, so you can imagine how terrified I was of cockroaches. ", "My wife was complaining about my clothes being on the floor, so I told her that it's a dead Jedi. ", "I took a picture of a field of wheat, it turned out too grainy. ", "My company does random urine tests to detect any traces of hope or optimism. ", "You are all too mean to fat people. You guys really need to lay off. They already have enough on their plates.", "if i buy my sex robot a strap on can i program it to jpeg me ", "My friend is a structural engineer and he\u2019s always complaining about stress at work. ", "A contestant just accused me of being an unfair gameshow host. Point taken!", "Parallel lines have so much in common. It\u2019s a shame they\u2019ll never meet ", "Why was the computer tired when it got home from work?Cos it had a hard drive.", "The furniture committee had several chairmen ", "When my date said she found my prosthetic leg sexy I went weak at the knee. ", "It's really a shame that Gene Hackman didn't go into DNA splicing ", "I'll never see eye to eye with a giant ", "Knock, knock. Who's There? Impatient Cow. Impatient Cow wh...Mooooo!", "I took the mother in law out the other night. I love being a sniper.", "What did one light bulb say to the other on Valentine's Day? I love you watts.", "Its been a fantastic year for me, I made a movie with lassie the dog. I played the lead [deleted]", "He who laughs last is generally a bit slow.", "Being an astronaut must be a blast ", "A man showed up for a duel armed only with a pencil and paper, then, he proceeded to draw his weapon. ", "My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.", "I've been trying to throw this boomerang away for weeks now! ", "Making porn videos gives you a higher chance of going viral. ", "Whas that? Oh, it's the stank basket.", "I\u2019ve been working on my horrible sense of direction, which I believe is a step in the left direction. ", "I never saw the appeal of having sex with strippers, but then I had an Epiphany. ", "Sticks and stones may break my bones..I should probably drink more milk.", "Why doesn't Barbie get pregnant? Because Ken comes in a different box.", "A necromancer couldn't raise the dead, so he gave the corpse up for adoption. ", "One Liner I don\u2019t know if I should make a joke about gambling. It\u2019s risky, but I\u2019ll take a chance.", "The difference between pink and purple is the strength of the grip. ", "If the universe is everything, and scientists say that the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?", "I called up a takeaway and said \"do you deliver\" They said \"No, we do lamb, chicken or fish\"", "Why don't atheists ever become mathematicians? They don't believe in higher powers.", "Never get in line behind the devil at the DMV; for the devil can take many forms. ", "What do the films The Sixth Sense and Titanic have in common? Icy dead people.", "Apparently, they're not making shortbread any longer. ", "Stationary store moves ", "I really enjoying having a pale stomach, but now I'm trying to abstain. ", "Here's my take on people that get easily offended by jokes: fuck you, cunt! ", "I am going to see if money really is happiness. I am now taking donations.", "I play triangle for a reggae band. It's pretty casual. I just stand at the back and ting.", "I just saw a man and woman at the supermarket wrapped in a barcode. I thought \"They must be an item\".", "A desserter abandoned his diet ", "We always hold hands. If I let go, she shops.", "What do u call a cold burrito? A brrrrrrrito", "In America dogs are K9....In China dogs are E10. ", "I didn't want to give the brain surgeon a piece of my mind. ", "5/4 people struggle with fractions, fortunately I'm not one of them. ", "If at first you don't succeed, it's called attempted murder. ", "Now that it\u2019s been proven that dogs can sniff out cancer, does that mean the end of the cat scan? ", "You know you waited too long when laundry day becomes a formal event. ", "During a lecture on India, the teacher said a woman gives birth every 10 seconds in the country. A kid stood up and said, we gotta stop her!", "My pet turtle died, but I'm not upset, just shell-shocked. ", "How do you confuse a moron? 16.", "Daniel keep going, count is only at 40.", "An egotist is someone who is usually me-deep in conversation.", "What's round and bad tempered? A vicious circle.", "I prefer not to think before speaking. I like being just surprised as everyone else by the crazy stuff that comes out of my mouth.", "We needed more scenes with Chevy, so I told the editor to cut to the Chase. ", "iTouch Kids: the Apple product that never made it past marketing. :)", "You're incomparable, like a... Credit goes to Bo Burnham, not me", "Wine improves with age; the older I get the more I like it. ", "Words with more than two syllables confuse me ", "People are usually shocked when they find out I\u2019m not a very good electrician. ", "If you don't pay your exorcist you can get repossessed.", "A McDonald's employee was arrested today for serving 40 year old meat in 8 year old buns. ", "My daughter asked \"Why is the soap in the shower hanging on a rope?\"\u00a0I replied \"Because it has seen your mother naked.\"", "lEarth is the insane asylum for the universe", "In this society you gotta have balls to grow a moustache ", "What's worse than finding a worm in you apple? Finding half a worm.", "I offered my grandmother a fiver for a ride on her stair lift. I think shes going to take me up on it.", "I am becoming increasingly worried that there isn't enough anxiety in my life.", "\"Who are you trying to impress?\" What's a smart way for replying to: \"Who are you trying to impress?\"", "I've just broken up with my gym, we just weren't working out. ", "Isn't it great to live in the 21st century? Where deleting history has become more important than making it.", "\u201cThe words Jumbo Shrimp make about as much sense as the words Elite Yelper.\u201d -Anthony Bourdain ", "Do you ever get that sinking feeling when you're drowning? ", "I have some jokes about unemployment but they need some work.", "My recent Google searches: How to detangle my daughter's hair. How to detangle a really, really bad tangle. How to cut out a tangle. Hats.", "My mailman has fallen into a coma. Letters pray... ", "There are 2 ducks. One duck pulls his pants down. What does the other duck see? His but-quack.", "What if Jesus was gay and was saying ah, men all the while? [Just for sarcasm]", "\"I'm sorry\" and \"I apologize\" generally mean the same thing, except at funerals. ", "As long as there's property tax, all land is a timeshare ", "Some men view marriage as a matter of wife and debt. ", "In rugby, why do they call it a try if you've succeeded? ", "I've never been a big proponent of weight loss. ", "I asked the German philosopher what sex would be if we removed fear, he told me the answer was zwei. [deleted]", "How many divorced men does it take to change a light bulb? Who cares? They never get the house anyway. ", "My grandfather had his tongue shot off in the war. He never talked about it though.", "I received an email asking me to send trouser zips to the address provided.But I ignored it, sounds like they're fly phishing to me.", "I went up to the manager in Argos today and I said, \"I want to buy a watch.\"\"Analogue?\" he said. I said, \"No mate, just a watch.\"", "My ex came crawling back to me, probably because I stole his wheelchair. ", "A website where you can ask questions about bongs: Ask Geebs ", "I'm so brave, I just watched someone eat the hottest chili in the world. ", "If I throw a stick, will you leave?", "A Pessimist is just an Optimist with previous experience.", "I'm not saying she's fat... I'm saying if I had to think of the five fattest people I know shed be three of them.", "Who needs rhetorical questions?", "Just joined Reddit. Feel like the worst Rapist ever, 10 violations in less than a month. ", "If \"virgin\" Mary didn't feel it if I impregnated her, I wouldn't brag about it ", "A sheep walks into a Barrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! ", "Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says \u201cIf an emergency, notify:\u201d I put \u201cDOCTOR\u201d; What\u2019s my mother going to do? ", "You might say a classification of felines is a category. ", "i am fat and my friends make fun of me but i don't care cause i got thick skin ", "I have a black belt in trousers ", "Procrastinators unite tomorrow! ", "A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.", "Cinderella made it most of the way to the balll, but she choked. ", "What do you call an Iraqi with a sheep under each arm? A pimp.", "I asked my blonde girlfriend how she survived the zombie apocalypse. She said \"All I did was stand still while they went after the people who had brains!\" [removed]", "When my wife asked me when I first knew she was a keeper, I told her it was pretty obvious after stopping by to watch her soccer game. ", "This is an A B conversation so why don't you C your way out before D and E F you up G. ", "Borrow money from pessimists, they don't expect it back.", "A guy said, \"I see the light at the end of the tunnel\". I then told him, \"yeah, it's a train\". ------*smack*", "Hey bartender, I had a shitty day and need a little fuck me up. ", "She said she wasn't pregnant but contractions speak louder then words. ", "Harddick is big, he is the only tallest Indian guy I've ever seen hardik is an Indian male name", "Drunk me would really appreciate a light switch on the floor. ", "White Boards are remarkable. ", "The doctor told the patient to use a Q-tip and it went in one ear and out the other. ", "I thought I packed a memory card for my camera, but I forgot to. ", "The official tree of communism is the redwood yellow flower hammersickle, a tree that doesn't exist and doesn't work. ", "\"The Civil War was an inside job!!\" ", "People are complaining about this invisible magazine, but I don\u2019t see the issue. ", "I went to see the worst faith healer ever last night who was so bad, a guy in a wheelchair got up and walked out. ", "All generalizations are bad ", "I've asked my wife to always buy my trousers from now on because chinos what's best. ", "..and the Lord said unto John \"Come forth and receive eternal life\". But he came fifth and won a toaster.", "I hate helping people. I think I'll get a job at Apple.", "Having Dark chocolate was really a once-in-a-lifetime experience for my dog ", "Is it just me or are there other personal pronouns? ", "That joke about never getting old jokes getting old got old real fast. [deleted]", "I occasionally enjoy having my steak undercooked, but that's rare.", "What is E.T. short for? So he can fit on a spaceship.", "Bought my mum a fridge for Christmas. You should've seen her face light up when she opened it.", "If Eve doomed the human population for an apple.. What would she do for a Klondike?", "I had to break up with my cross-eyed girlfriend because apparently, she was seeing someone else on the side. ", "If you have sex on a Wednesday, it really is hump day. [deleted]", "My wife and I were happy for 20 years, then we met ", "With her marriage she got a new name and a dress. ", "Michael J. Fox accidentally erases everything he draws on an Etch-a-Sketch.", "Imagine being a giraffe and having to throw up. ", "If you use a corduroy condom, you get a groovy kind of love. ", "I like Deja vus because I know what to do next", "Isis huge in Antarctica ", "How do you make a snooker table laugh? Put your hand in its pocket and tickle it's balls.", "This drunk guy kept going around putting his dick on everyone's wrists, and I said \"not on my watch!\" ", "I was gonna do a joke about unemployment.. but it needs some work.", "Dyslexic people either go to heaven or the North Pole. ", "Girls spend hours deciding what to wear and all guys do is try to picture them naked. ", "Someone has been erasing my memory and leaving empties all over my apartment. ", "Giving up smoking is easy...I've done it hundreds of times.", "Teacher: Name 6 wild animals? Student: Four elephants and two lions", "You can lead a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead. ", "I bought my wife a Pug as a present. Despite the squashed nose, bulging eyes and rolls of fat, the dog seems to like her.", "I've got a runaway heart, and I need to brake it myself before it gets broken by someone else. ", "Growing up with cats and dogs, I got used to the sounds of scratching at my door while I slept. Now that I live alone, it is much more unsettling. ", "If you're not there, you're square; cause you're sure as hell not a round. [deleted]", "Home: A mobile home with a flat tire.", "[FRE\u0415] Online-D\u0430ting = Se\u0445 \u043en the First Date [removed]", "To err is human, to forgive is divine. \nIn other words, the forgiving is somebody else's job.", "What's gray, full of cement, and howls at the moon? A coyote (I just added the cement to make it harder).", "I started my period today, call it the blood of Christ. ", "What do you call bears with no ears? B", "My favorite expression is saying \u2018potato, potato\u2019 over text [deleted]", "What is a ghost's favorite type of porn? Booooookake", "My buddy used to date a cross-eyed girl until he found out she was seeing someone on the side. ", "\u202aI think I was born in the wrong century because I really like reading Shakespeare and also I like to behead French people who I think support King Louis XVI.\u202c [deleted]", "Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day, teach a man to fish and he will sit in a boat drinking beer all day. ", "I've just bought a border collie.The one I already had wasn't bored enough.", "Why is it called fast food if you can\u2019t eat it in the fast? ", "You can't breathe and swallow at the same time. You can't breathe and swallow at the same time.", "What if every country had ninjas, but Japan's were the worst? [deleted]", "Time flies like an arrow and fruit flies like a banana. ", "Have you heard my under construction joke? It's not done yet.", "My sister just had a baby boy, they've decided to call him Mark, but with a C. Cark", "Don't drink and drive, you might hit a bump and spill your drink. ", "Government and religion are both the belief that things shouldnt have to make sense to obey them ", "Louis C.K.'s dating strategy is to feel a little cocky. ", "What has 4 letters, sometimes 9 letters, but never has 5 letters. ", "There's a handful of bones in your hand ", "That hospital was so cheap their IVs used high fructose corn syrup. ", "Why was the computer tired when it got home? It was running all day. ", "Is glue just horsey sauce ", "I'm pretty sure that alcohol store is haunted, their sign says they have spirits. ", "When at wal mart: tell manager over intercom to find your lost friend mike hunt", "I never question myself. Why should I start now?", "I accidentally swallowed some scrabble tiles. My next dump could spell disaster", "Who knew setting a mosquito free would bite me in the ass. ", "This blonde stuck lipstick in her ear because she was trying to make up her mind ", "Scientists have found a way to walk through walls..... It's called a door. ", "My teacher married his high school sweetheart, and it ruined his teaching career. [deleted]", "Sophisticated listening devices are nothing new. Where I live, we call them 'neighbors'.", "After accidentally falling into my cloning machine I was beside myself. ", "Why did the CIA torture the Russian wasp?  Because he was a cagey bee agent.", "Mam, there is a camel in this town, it says its tow is missing.. ", "Are you from Europe because europiece of shit ", "I post stuff in the wrong sub-reddits. AMA **Fuck**, not *again*!", "In music a 7th chord leaves you with a sense of incompleteness, like a set-up without a ", "I'm so poor that I've been forced to eat my mates herb garden. I'm living on borrowed thyme!", "How do you turn a Fox into an Elephant? Marry her.", "\u202aGender inequality amid pandemic: Every woman with a bra in her closet needs that shit to last till the mall reopens, every guy with a bra in his closet has two extra masks.\u202c ", "I've just fallen through the roof of a French bakery. I'm in a world of pain. \ud83e\udd50\ud83e\udd56 ", "There are 2 types of people in this world...... I try to avoid both. ", "Mans idea of multi-tasking, holding in a fart while peeing in a urinal. ", "I asked the lunch lady for a salt on the side and all I got was a black eye. ", "Yo momma jokes are old, common and used by everyone.\n\nJust like yo momma.", "I told my wife I wanted breakfast in bed. She said go sleep in the kitchen.", "My new meth cocaine combo called methaine hasn't been selling very well because it smells like shit. ", "Technically, all glasses are 3D glasses ", "I always found god to be somewhat overbearing. ", "I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. I just can't put it down. ", "The best thing about being apathetic is that it's not my problem. ", "I\u2019v\u0435 f\u043eund 3 diff\u0435t\u0435nt girls wh\u043e \u0430gr\u0435\u0435d f\u043er s\u0435\u0445 [removed]", "The lemming oath: \"Repeat after me.\"", "A blonde is watching the news and hears that 2 Brazilian men die in an accident. She cries and says, \"Oh my gosh, how many is a brazilian?\"", "In Azkaban, golden snitches get golden stitches. ", "Most people have 32 teeth and some have 6, it's simple meth. ", "I want to start an airline that caters for fat people, but I don\u2019t think it\u2019ll take off. ", "Whoever said \"Laughter is the best medicine\" clearly hasn't tried curing diarrohea with a tickle fight. ", "\"Criminal Lawyer\"  is  redundant.", "My three favorite things are eating my family and not using commas. ", "How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two. One to change the bulb and one not to change it.", "If there's one thing I learned from this pandemic, it is how to spell the word pandemic. ", "Woke up with a terrible hangover .. isn't it awful when your cocks so big it hangs over the edge of the bed ", "Marriage is like game of poker. You start with pair and end with full house.", "Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children. ", "I have a button on my microwave that says \"stop time\". I assume it means the timer but I don't touch it, just in case.", "My girlfriend was telling me that obesity is in her genes. I told her that it wasn't true as she looks like a fat cunt in a skirt as well.", "I have a leak in my pipe.. Dam it!", "I have trouble using nonretractable ballpoint pens. They just don't click. ", "Between Superman, Bill and Ted, and Doctor Who, my expectations for phone booths have been set pretty high. ", "I will never play another game with an artist, they always end in a draw. ", "I've been diagnosed with agoraphobia. Get in!", "I used to live in a normal house.. but then steps were taken to make it into a bungalow.", "If I get a Master's in Betting...am I a Master Better [deleted]", "\"You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.\"", "What does an elephant use for a vibrator? An epileptic sheep.", "Cliches must be avoided like the plague. ", "I think I speak for everyone on Twitter when I say blah blah blah blah.", "The spotted elephant was a patchy-derm. ", "There was a strike at work today! But then that's not unusual when you work in a bowling alley.", "\"Keep on Trying\" By Percy Veer", "They already shaped the display cardboards for my first day on the job, so I had my work cut out for me ", "With Harry Potter, Oprah, and letterman all done, I guess the world is really ending.", "Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. \u201cYes\u201d is the answer [removed]", "I bought a battery powered clock  today.When I got home, I noticed that they had given me the wrong one.I thought \"This is a wind up!\"", "A pi\u00f1ata that doesn't break is broken Cross posted from /u/Showerthoughts. Credit to /u/TheFirstWatermelon. Thought it belonged here too", "Hi, welcome to Fight Club. First of all, how did you hear about us?", "Where there\u2019s a will, I want to be in it. ", "What do you call a guy with no arms or legs. On the floor? - Matt. In the sea? - Bob In a hole? - Phil", "Your butt is a pump that can have another pump double pumping it ", "\"Mom? Don't freak out, but I'm in the hospital.\" \"Bob, you've been a doctor for 8 years now, stop starting every call we have with that.\"", "An imaginary color is just a pigment of your imagination. ", "I have a drinking problem. If Jake has 5 beers and Dan has 4\u2026", "What did the dog say to the tree? Bark.", "I was obsessed with Frozen for a long time, but was finally able to let it go. [deleted]", "Myself and my wife tried wanking me off at the same time last night but we just couldn't pull it together. ", "I never realized how many people on reddit are lost and need to find de wey. ", "life imitates art until life receives a dmca takedown notice ", "Relationships are a lot like algebra. Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?", "The four most crucial words of mankind: righty-tighty, lefty-loosy", "As i handed my mom her 60th birthday card today she said \"One would've been enough\". ", "My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them. ", "How do you make a sausage roll? Push it down a hill.", "The way to a man's heart is through his stomach. Unless he's a Vegetarian. Then you can get there through his vagina.", "I called NHS direct over a week ago about a problem with my ears. I still haven't heard anything!", "I took a public speaking class online. [deleted]", "What's the difference between erotic and kinky? Erotic is using a feather; kinky is using the whole chicken.", "My wife has taught the car a new trick, she got it to roll over yesterday. ", "I have a mental disorder that makes everything I say sound mysterious, or do I? ", "If you say the unoriginal \"I'm pregnant\" on April Fools, you gonna get jinxed and get pregnant for real ", "When William joined the army he disliked the phrase 'fire at will'. ", "A good limbo dancer lowers the bar for everyone else. ", "What do ghosts eat for dinner? Spooketti.", "Its not my fault I have a double-chin. When God was giving out chins, I thought he said Gin. So I said I'll have a double.", "I would be the funniest man alive if I had no morality.", "My indoor clothes dryer broke this morning..It was the end of an airer.", "Sorry for no tweets yesterday, I think my neighbors forgot to pay the Internet bill. How irresponsible of them.", "Despite having no hair, my dad has taken many risks and in return has made millions; I guess fortune favours the bald. [deleted]", "What do you call a woman standing between 2 goal posts ? (ANNETTE) ", "I went to a premature ejaculators support group... Turns out it's tomorrow. ", "'Chicken came before egg' - Dictionary ", "I flunked out of school because I kept giving my housework to the teacher. ", "Did you hear about the bastard frog? It was a tad unexpected. ", "my grandpa has the heart of a lion........... now we are both banned from the zoo ", "My friend thinks he's smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.", "Just checked my bank account, looks like the kids are getting a hug for Xmas. ", "Just turned on the TV to see Sydney and Tokyo have already started celebrating the New Year. Fucking idiots, it doesn't start until midnight", "Vote up if you like violating the intergalactic law [deleted]", "The police almost caught a grain thief, but he escaped...barley. ", "Why are gay men so great at fashion? They've spent so much time in the closet.", "Who is this Rorschach guy and why does he keep drawing pictures of my parents having sex? ", "My phone has better health insurance than I do. ", "Taking pictures in a vacation makes it really unforgettable ", "I'm sick to death of cocaine dealers always sticking their business in other people's noses.", "My girlfriend was hit by a bus, and the hardest part of the whole ordeal was having to learn how to drive a bus. ", "Before you judge a man, walk a mile in his shoes. After that, who cares? He's a mile away, and you've got his shoes! ", "I'm only half ambidextrous. ", "My front door was cheap. Made of foam. You can't knock it!", "Stevie Wonder completely ignored me, so I guess you could say that he turned a blind eye. ", "Watching porn gives men unrealistic expectations of horses. [deleted]", "I live everyday trying not to disappoint those three people who wrote \"Stay Cool\" in my yearbook.", "It was directly after reaching the top of Mt. Everest that I realized it's going to be all downhill from here. ", "What kind of horses do ghosts ride? Nightmares! ", "What do you call a man with a car number plate on his head? Reg. What do you call his brother? R Reg", "I poured my root beer into a square glass, now I just have beer! ", "My wife slipped on some sexy lingerie, and ended up with a broken ankle ", "In Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001), Nearly Headless Nick was a poorly executed character. ", "I never eat broths; you could say I'm a bit souperstitious. ", "Did you hear which major department store is considering opening a couple of stores in Iraq? TARGET!", "Did you hear about the two blind gay guys? You've got to hand it to them.", "Who's the coolest guy at the hospital? The ultrasound guy.", "A horse walks into a bar, the barman says, \"Why the long face?\" The horse replies, \"I have cancer.\"", "You don't need a baby to make you joyful, but you do need Joy full to make you a baby. ", "9 out of 10 doctors recommended for children to drink water instead of soda. That 1 doctor lives in flint michigan", "My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and when I said I wanted a second opinion he said, \"You're ugly too.\" ", "I considered atheism but there weren't enough holidays", "Somehow I just can't get hungry at a place called the Terminal Snack bar George Carlin", "Half of sex is masturbating on another person ", "Inside a hot dog factory you never sausage a sight before. ", "My friend told me Onions was the only thing that could make someone cry, so I threw a coconut at his face ", "My wife accused me of having an affair with a girl from Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch. How could she say that?", "Once you have a PhD, every meeting you go to is a doctor's appointment.", "The problem with sex in the movies is that the popcorn usually spills ", "A surgeon who leaves the field and then returns should be called a re-surgion. ", "My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline and boy, did she hit the roof! ", "I protested against mass demonstrations. ", "I think I'm gonna get a cat just to blame it all the time for being a pussy.", "How do Malaysian airlines serve all their drinks? On the rocks", "I was told my gender studies degree would be useless, but I'm already conducting TRANSactions for a billion dollar company some like to call McDonald's. ", "Where do boats go when they are sick? The dock.", "What's green and goes \"Riggit Riggit\" ?A frog with badly fitting false teeth.", "I couldn\u2019t quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually it came back to me. ", "I'm waiting for that new movie 'Constipation' but it hasn't come out yet. ", "I once knew a guy who did not really need to practice his suicide.  ", "Go Google \u201cFree Marijuana\u201d for some free hits. ", "Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? Because they lactose.", "The doctor who did my circumcision was terrible. He got the sack.", "My Wife bought tickets to the Giant Clock Museum in Davenport. Iowa, Big Time. ", "Breastfeeding sucks ", "I used to have a pet leech that was so attached to me. ", "The only time incorrectly isn't spelled incorrectly is when it's spelled incorrectly.", "I bought a berry nice hat - it looks grape! ", "My friend asked me to stop singing oasis songs in public. I said maybe.", "At the observatory thing are really looking up. ", "Keyring: A handy little gadget that allows you to lose all of your keys at once.", "\"Oh, snap!\" -Branches", "What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question? ", "I added a few tarrot cards to the top of my house of cards, then it got haunted ", "An awfully good comedian can be seriously funny. ", "I've just poured superglue into a non-stick pan. Someone's going to be wrong.", "ornithology is for the birds. ", "There is nothing more awkward than the moment you realize you\u2019re getting a double-cheek kiss. ", "A despondent Notorious B.I.G sits an empty suitcase on his bed and sighs. \"I love going on vacation but I hate Tupac.\"", "Every time I try to buy one of those item dividers at the store the cashier just puts it back. ", "I just asked my husband if he remembers what today is... Scaring men is easy. ", "I would say my biggest strength is my ability to hold a grudge until the day I die. ", "Two reasons why I don't drink toilet water. Number 1: Number 2", "When I lost my rifle, the Army charged me $585 and that\u2019s why, in the Navy, the captain goes down with the ship. ", "I'm mesmerized when people spur the invention of entirely new words ", "Police were called to a day care, where a three-year-old was resisting a rest. ", "The worst pub I've ever been to was called The Fiddle. It really was a vile inn.", "The most accurate fortune cookie would say \"You're about to eat two halves of a fortune cookie.\" ", "Just heard that Little Mix are playing Liverpool in December. They are expected to win 3-0.", "What do you call a drummer that just broke up with his girlfriend? Homeless.", "My therapist told me to just be myself and now I feel way out of place at this costume party. ", "What did the Italian say when the eel swam by? That's a Moray.", "A guy walks into the psychiatrist wearing only shorts made from Bubble wrap. The psychiatrist says \"Well, I can clearly see you're nuts.\"", "My best mate was a hairdresser. He passed away recently, but at least he died doing what he loved..Dying.", "I had a wank over my ex girlfriend last night. Yeah I know it's wrong but I still have a key and she's a deep sleeper!", "There are 10 kinds of people in this world: those who understand binary and those who don't.", "I just watched the entire P90X series and didn't lose a single pound. What a scam!", "It's difficult for me to say what my wife does for a living. She sells sea shells by the seashore.", "\"I think I'm getting too old for this,\" said Father Time. ", "I distorted a Tortoise earlier..Now it's just an Oise.", "I farted at a silent disco but I didn't get away with it because it knocked my headphones off. [deleted]", "A zoo had a camel with no humps named \u2018Humphrey.\u2019 ", "No Pornhub, I don't want to meet interesting sluts nearby....I'm at work. ", "How do birds see what's behind them?By looking in their wing mirrors.", "I learn from the mistake of others who take my advice.", "A bird without a plan just wings it. ", "It takes a lot of balls\u2014to golf like me. ", "I\u2019m not a cactus expert, but I know a prick when I see one ", "When you try to make an impression, the chances are *that* is the impression you will make. [deleted]", "Naming one of my children Bass so if I drop them no one will get mad at me.", "I\u2019m on a vodka diet; I\u2019ve lost three days already. ", "Nor can you book a judge by its cover story, according to Congress ", "\"I feel depressed, lol\"", "The funniest joke in the world isn't recorded. Every time someones tries to write it down, they die of laughter.", "Which U.S. state abbreviation is the best? I'm not sure, but Oklahoma's is OK. ", "I was watching her fine ass walk to my bedroom and thought to myself this is the shape of things to come [deleted]", "The only thing flat-earthers fear, is sphere itself. ", "Chuck Norris does not teabag the ladies. He potato-sacks them. Chuck Norris does not teabag the ladies; He potato-sacks them. ", "Parking a single car doesn\u2019t need much space, but parking 200 cars, now that needs a lot... ", "I'm not the sharpest bulb in the shed ", "A queue for a boxing match is also a punch line ", "I stole all your laxatives. I shit you not. ", "My doctor says I\u2019ve got this awful disease where I can\u2019t stop telling airport jokes and that it\u2019s terminal. ", "David Blaine only gives the illusion that he's a magician. ", "I've just won 10 million on the lottery and decided to buy my local Chinese takeaway called 'Happiness'.\n\nYour move, philosophers.", "Root canals are unnerving. ", "My cat should stop thinking outside of the box.", "What have George Michael and wellies got in common? They both get sucked off in bogs.", "Saving your document as \"fgaskljdflkjsan\" and having your computer say the file name is already taken.", "What did the aspiring Zen Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor?  \"Make me one with everything.\"", "I looked at your trophy wife. I see you didn't win first place.", "Wife to husband: \" our neighbor is wondering if he could borrow his mower\"", "Women drivers are like stars in the sky. You can see them, but they can't see you.", "They say dogs are man\u2019s best friend, but even my worst enemy wouldn\u2019t look me in the eye while pooping on my carpet. ", "Due to so few visitors at the local cemetery, they are now employing skeleton staff. ", "My friend recently got crushed by a pile of books. He's only got his shelf to blame.", "Although I was struck by lightning the other day; the atmosphere was electric. ", "My colleague can no longer attend next week\u2019s Innuendo Seminar, so I have to fill her slot. ", "I used to be in a band called \u201cMissing puppy\u201d You probably saw our posters ", "You can always find an ox playing Noughts and Crosses. [deleted]", "Mirror inspector. Now there's a job I could really see myself doing!", "I hate the part of the morning where I have to get out of bed and actually participate in life.", "Why did we name our planet after dirt?", "A dark skinned lady named Betty goes to the butcher and asks for some beef. The butcher replies: \"Nooooo Black Betty, ham or lamb!\"", "keep a lighter in my back pocket at all times. I'm not a smoker, I just really like certain songs. ", "The maintenance man in my hotel really needs a shower and new clothes. ", "What is the science of classifying living things called? Racism ", "A very wise woman once said.......Nothing!! ", "Alcohol allegedly isnt a drug so you say drugs and alcohol but you never hear drugs and cigarettes ", "What's orange and sounds like a parrot?A carrot.", "If I wanted a damn fool elected, I would have voted for myself. ", "The only difference between a weekday and a weekend is which boss is telling me to do things. ", "I just blocked a grammar Nazi and it felted so good. ", "The topic of perturbation makes many astronomers anxious. ", "If you look very carefully, eye exams have become more challenging. ", "All girls are iron man. Fe=Iron Male=Man", "When I suggested to my wife we used a strap on, she was right behind me. ", "Do they have reserved parking for non-handicap people at the Special Olympics?", "What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spectator. ", "What was the victim of the car crash wearing? A Casual-Tee", "Dicks out! ", "Why don't blind people like to sky dive? Because it scares the dog.", "A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says 'Sorry we don't serve food in here'", "What's Irish and stays out all night? Patio Furniture.", "A Priest, a Pastor, and a Rabbit A priest, a pastor and a rabbit walk into a bar. The rabbit says, \u201cI think I\u2019m a typo.\u201d\n\n^Wish I could say I made it up :)", "Never have a tactical wank before sex! Trust me, I learned that the soft way.", "Bono and The Edge walk into a bar, the barman says, \"Not U2 again!!\" ", "If I were a function(), would you call me? ", "Do the Chinese people who visit America realize they bought souvenirs made in their own country?", "Shout out to people who don't know what the opposite of in is! ", "Canada is planning a mission to the moon. We're calling it the Apollo-G. ", "Indebted: when you use your visa to pay off your MasterCard.", "Dracula was masturbating in front of a mirror - I bet he didn't see that coming ", "What do you get when you have 50 female pigs and 50 male deer? One hundred sowsand bucks ", "Virgins arent a real life form cuz they cant reproduce ", "I was watching porn last night when my mum walked in. Not the best way to find out what she does for a living.", "Sometimes, I put my hands on the floor, tuck my head towards my chest and lean forward......that's how I roll. ", "I just finished my degree in ballet. I got a 2:2.", "All I did was compliment my friend's moustache, and now she won't talk to me.. ", "Why does Beyonce say \"To the left, to the left\"? Because black people have no rights.", "What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.", "There are two things that always make me jump..My legs.", "A man in a pub asks for a pack of helicopter-flavoured crisps. The barman says \"Sorry mate, we've only got plane\"", "Whenever i watch The Titanic I get a sinking feeling.", "Is It wrong for a guy like me to have silk sheets? They're nice..", "The worst part of censorship is ***********", "9 years ago I asked the girl of my dreams out on a date. Today I asked her to marry me. She said no both times.", "I asked the clown if she could turn my penis into a balloon animal, but she said it was too hard. [deleted]", "A farmer counted 196 cows in his field, but when he rounded them up, he had 200. ", "A priest is similar to a Christmas tree in that their balls are just for decoration. ", "I just got in touch with my inner self... that's the last time I buy cheap toilet paper. ", "Have you heard my joke about the Ebola outbreak yet? Eh... Nevermind. You probably won't get it.", "Ever since I discovered my vault fetish, I've been practicing safe sex. ", "The grenade industry is booming. ", "Everything has a meaning; all things/all that exists ", "Fool me once , shame on me. Fool me twice, shame on thee. Fool me 8 times , you're probably a woman.", "My extra-sensitive toothpaste doesn't like it when I use other toothpastes. ", "Did you hear about the two bed bugs who met in the mattress? They got married in the spring.", "The British woman who fell off the cruise ship has been named as Eileen Dover. ", "I'm pretty sure somebody hid the final paragraph of my essay on a shelf I can't reach, but I don't want to jump to conclusions. ", "Red Sox Management has announced that no hands, touching hands, reaching out, touching me, touching you, will be tolerated at this season's games. ", "My sexual orientation is straighter than the pole your dad dances for me on. ", "I had to get another knife to slice the cake, because the first knife just wasn't cutting it. ", "Comic Sans walks into a bar. \"Get out of here!\" shouts the barman. \"We don't serve your type.\"", "What's brown and sticky? A stick. ", "Can anyone remember? What was the name of the big bird in Sesame Street?", "Auctioneers are not the most knowledgeable people, but they do know lots. ", "The better a match you are to a job, the dirtier of clothes you can wear to the interview and still get it ", "After inviting my date to the gym and not going, I wonder if she realized that we weren't working out. ", "Whats the difference between a hippo and a zippo? Ones heavy the others a little lighter.", "I was struggling to work out how lightning works. Then it struck me.", "Christmas these days is a lot like having sex, the build up is great, but when it finally comes, I regret spending all that money. ", "When you get a bladder infection, urine trouble.", "Twilight's like soccer. They run around for two hours, nobody scores, and its billion fans claim you just don't understand.", "How many immature people does it take to change a light bulb? Your mum.", "What\u2019s the difference between a lost golf ball and a clitoris? A man will spend hours looking for the golf ball. ", "What do you call Dracula's retarded cousin? Countdown", "WTF is an acronym. ", "Have you ever noticed razor blades taste just like blood?", "Welcome to Recluse Club, I can't imagine we'll be seeing many of you again. ", "When a midget smokes weed, does he get high or medium,? ", "What do you call a labrador that becomes a magician? A Labracadabrador.", "Why dont blind men skydive? Because it scares the shit out of the dog.", "As a dermatologist, I didn\u2019t expect my patient to have such thick skin. ", "Did you hear about the old chameleon that couldn't change color? He had a reptile dysfunction. ", "What do you call a lazy kangaroo? A pouch potato.", "I took an IQ test and the results were negative.", "Do they still have disposable cameras or have they finally been thrown away? ", "Jesus fed 2000 people with five loaves of bread and two fishes, but Hitler made six million Jews toast. ", "Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle? Because his wife is dead.", "Am returning your nose Dear, I found it in my business. ", "I tried to start a group for guys with Erectile Dysfunction, but nobody was up for it. ", "When hanging drywall, it's better to screw it up than to nail it. ", "Snooki's son is going to hate it when his friends discover Yo mama jokes.", "\u201cJust because you can\u2019t dance doesn\u2019t mean you shouldn\u2019t dance.\u201d -Alcohol ", "The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer.", "Time and Tide wait for no man, but time always stands still for a woman of thirty.", "How much room is needed for fungi to grow? As mushroom as possible.", "10 reasons I\u2019m lazy:\n1)", "I finally got my sportscar. Got a mad gash between my eyes from a football!", "Thanks for defining the word \u201cmany\u201d for me, it means a lot. ", "Hindsight is 2020. ", "A person who questions why they are swimming in a river is in denial. ", "Considering we can't tickle ourselves I'd say we got pretty fucking lucky with masturbation ", "wearing a shirt that says TOIDI would be a fun thing to reflect on ", "So I called the Rape Advice Line, but they said that's just for victims? ", "Just wondering what the best clothing for decorating is overall. ", "I hate it when my Ferrari runs out of gas and I have to drive my Lamborghini.", "To you I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition.", "Hell will freeze over before I'm 0K! ", "Saw a psychic yesterday but after 30 mins of her constantly laughing at me I punched her in the face. I always like to strike a happy medium.", "My face lift has gone terribly wrong. If anyone knows of a good surgeon, I'm all ears. ", "Keep death off the roads.  Drive on the pavement.", "There are three types of people in this world. Those that can count and those that can't.", "If you see your friend Jack on an airplane, don't say Hi to him.", "I buy a different brand of cling flim each time I go shopping.Just to keep things fresh.", "Four fonts walk into a bar the barman says ''Oi - get out! We don't want your type in here''", "I once honked at a police officer to see if it was legal. It's not ", "I've made a complete 180 in life... and got into a pretty bad car accident. ", "I got my puppy the same day I planted thyme in the garden so I could say my puppy's tail is as old as thyme. True as it can be.", "I was gonna do nothing today, but then I realized I hadn't finished doing it yesterday.", "Tyra banks. She also shops, drives, and sleeps. ", "When my Doctor told me I was going deaf I just couldn't comprehend what he was trying to tell me! ", "People treat me like a god;Ignore my existence unless you need help ", "New Car It has a button that says \"REAR WIPER\"', but every time I press it, I don't FEEL anything! I can't put up with this crap.", "If a corporation is a person, then Enron employees killed people ", "I'm bad with navigation eventhough it takes me places. ", "I'm really overdrawn at the bank and they keep phoning me and leaving voicemails. I wish they'd just leave me a loan.", "Laugh! When people are laughing, they're generally not killing each other.", "A ghost walks into a bar and orders a shot of vodka. The bartender says \"Sorry, we don't serve spirits here.\"", "Went to the barbers today and had a no. 2. I thought it was just a fart but I ended up following through.", "Gashole: A jerk who drives something that consumes a lot of gas.", "How long is a Chinese man. ", "Thought for today: Every fight is a food fight when you\u2019re a cannibal. ", "My fake plants died because I forgot to pretend to water them.", "Alcoholics De-liver! ", "Whats the difference between acne and a priest? Acne waits until a boy's 14 to come on his face.", "In 5 Years I see myself in a mirror ", "Are you feeling cold? Sit in the corner, it is 90 degrees ", "My Dad always used to tell me, \"You miss 100% of the shots you don't hit.\" He was nothing if not pragmatic.", "Entered what I ate today in my new fitness app: it sent an ambulance to my house. ", "Its quite ironic that 'strap on', backwards, spells 'no parts'. ", "\"And God promised men that good and obedient wives would be found at all corners of the earth. Then he made the world round and laughed..\"", "I was hanging out with Arnold Schwarzenegger Me: Hey Arnold, let's pretend to be famous composers. I'll be Beethoven.\n\nArnold: I'll be Bach.", "If we lose the time before us, The future will ignore ASS ", "What's long and hard and has cum in it? A cucumber!", "I hate peer pressure and you should too ", "I remember the days when 'Blue Ray' was an elderly gentleman who drowned in our local swimming pool.", "The thing about escalators is that if they break they are still stairs. ", "Begging for money on the streets makes a lot of cents. ", "Seven days without a pun makes one weak. ", "It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do. ", "\"I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.\u201d", "The best example of \"united is strength\" is the fact that a single dollar cannot do much, but a BILLION single dollar together can buy whatever the crap I want ", "My wife just hiked up her skirt proving that her new diet and exercise routine has worked wonders. ", "I wanted to be a werewolf for Halloween, but it is too late noouuuuuuww! ", "How can a room full of couples be empty? There isn't a single person left. ", "Tired of lacing shoes? Just replace them with earphones! They'll magically get knotted up every time, guaranteed.", "When I'm bored, I call sick into places I don't work, today I'm getting written up at Ross.", "Look people I don't like exercise so I'm not going to walk a mile in your shoes. I'll judge you standing right here.", "I did a few drugs last night with my shoelaces undone. Big mistake, I was tripping all night.", "Eating more herbs raises your basil metabolic rate. ", "I love both my dog and GF equally. That\u2019s why I keep both of those bitches on a leash. ", "I met a girl with 12 nipples today. Sounds fun, Dozen tit?", "I have a nomadic tree, every year it packs up its trunk and leaves. ", "asked a guy to explain being blind and he was like well you see, i don't ", "Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly.", "Erotic is using a feather, kinky is using the whole chicken. ", "A guy walks into a bar. He's an alcoholic and it's slowly killing his family.", "Why do porn stars hate driving? Because people always pull out infront of them.", "I don\u2019t think Stan Lee is really dead, I think they\u2019ll figure out a way to bring him back in Avengers 4. ", "I'd like to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather. Not screaming like the passengers on his bus.", "What do you call a deer with no eyes? : No eye deer. ", "I was walking down the road when I suddenly questioned. Who picks up a guide dog's shit?", "If the job was done well tell your friends, and if it wasn\u2019t tell me. Said by the gentlemen who repaired our lawnmower and snowblower this week.", "Dog: Man's best friend.\nCat: Man's reclusive roommate who poops in a box.", "The waist is a terrible thing to mind. ", "If I had to describe myself in 500 words, I'd probably say \"self-centered\"a few times. ", "Why were Helen Keller's fingers purple?She heard it through the grapevine.", "What time is it when you see an elephant sitting on your tv? Time to buy a new tv.", "A hypnotist once convinced me I was a soft, malleable metal with the atomic number 82. I'm easily lead.", "what happens when you spell dyslexia gangnam style? sexilady! ", "What do you call a woman juggling 3 pints of beer? Beatrix. What do you call a woman juggling 3 pints playing snooker? Beatrix Potter", "I wrote a one liner with two lines. ", "We'll, we'll, we'll...if it isn't autocorrect. ", "Last night I dreamt that I was the author of Lord of the Rings. I was Tolkien in my sleep.", "As I looked into her eyes, I felt my knees go weak, my stomach turned to butterflies and that's when I realized...I'd drugged the wrong glass! ", "Is 'pussylips' one word, or should I spread them apart ? ", "I think that trying to cure cancer is a nobel effort. ", "What's worse than finding a fly in your soup?\nThis punchline", "What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus. ", "Whats the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.", "When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than letting him keep her.", "My telescope broke the other day and I was hoping the local observatory could repair it. They said they'd look into it.", "Taco Tuesday is followed by Wet Wipe Wednesday. ", "When making counterfeit money always try to avoid making a bad impression. ", "I used to be a gravedigger, until I discovered it was easier to just use a spade. ", "I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain. [removed]", "\"Corona(virus). Find Your B(l)each.\" ", "A pessimist's blood type is always B-negative ", "If you can't find your beer fridge, it's probably done it's job for the day. ", "Those new corduroy pillows must be really popular as they\u2019re making headlines everywhere. ", "I once had an Internet girlfriend, but things just didn't click.", "You can't cut corners when drawing a circle ", "Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies.", "Whoever said \"hugs not drugs\" obviously has never had a hug on drugs... ", "What are the three most difficult years for an Aggie? Second grade.", "\"Money doesn't buy happiness.\" That phrase should end in just kidding.", "If heaven is perfect then abandon all hope of your life ever improving after you get there ", "Hijack peoples minds on an airplane with ads ", "How many ants are needed to fill an apartment? Ten-ants ", "My eye doctor is as corneas hell. ", "I truly believe in Science ", "Ladies!! If a man is willing to give you the Moon and the Stars, you should be willing to sacrifice Uranus. ", "no power plant owner can be christian without looking for hell's practically free energy ", "The worst thing about driving for Uber is all the people talking behind your back ", "When it comes to fucking up the punchline, I've been there, done that, got the tea cup. ", "Watching vampires compete is intense, they're always neck and neck. ", "I don't usually tell my dad jokes, but when I do he laughs. ", "When he was young, Aqua Man was known as Water Boy. ", "What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.", "Too soon? Steven hawking\u2019s famous last words\nhttps://youtu.be/Gb2jGy76v0Y", "I swallowed some Tippex last night. I woke up this morning with a massive correction.", "Valentines day is cancelled. Want proof? 14-02-12=0", "Something is wrong with the law, I this it's broken. ", "Why can't atheists solve exponential problems? Because they don't believe in higher powers.", "I'm a social vegan. I avoid meet.", "Twitter Bang: Hooking up with someone in less than 140 characters.", "During pride month, does Pennsylvania become Transylvania? ", "I hate to admit but writing felt easy with a broken heart. ", "Honestly, my worst purchase of 2020 was a 2020 planner. ", "free speech just pay shipping ", "A dominatrix walks into a Quizno's and asks where the 12 inch subs are. ", "Time is the best teacher; Unfortunately it kills all its students.", "I called my dog \"Hope\" because it will be gone after 12 years. ", "Just knocked over my Sports Direct mug and flooded my entire house.", "'How would you like your eggs?' the waiter asked. \"Sunny-side up, please\" I requested. \"Madam?\" he asked my wife. \"In a big cake,\" she wheezed.", "My wife is a magician. She turned our car into a tree", "Did you know, that if you put your car keys under your skull and then beep your car, you will look like an idiot. [deleted]", "A few weeks ago, two cartoonists entered a contest. The result was a draw.", "The only convenient part about these Dyson Airblade urinals is you can at least dry your hands in them at the end ", "It has been said that we only use 15% of our brain. I wonder what we do with the other 75%?", "People say I act like I don't care, but it's not an act. ", "Vows: \"I promise to validate you on every form of social media till death or bad wifi do us part\" ", "Is your name ariel, because I think we mermaid for each other.", "Yoga pants dont make yoga any easier and wearing wife beaters don't make her listen any better ", "My bakery burned down, now the business is toast. ", "I have a love hate relationship with my wife. I love her boobs, I hate her. ", "Seven days of having anal sex makes a whole week. ", "I'm lactose intolerant - I'm not allergic, I just don't tolerate its bullshit. ", "My three favourite things are eating my family and not using commas. ", "First thing this morning, there was a tap on my door. Funny sense of humour my plumber has...", "Someone stole my mood ring and I don\u2019t know how to feel about it. [deleted]", "Did you hear about the pessimistic German vegetarian? He feared the wurst", "I used to love to listen to my grandfather tell stories about his job as a steelworker \u2014 it was riveting! ", "So, I was just standing around, doing nothing, when I got arrested for impersonating a police officer.", "When it comes to one-upmanship, I always give a hundred and eleven percent. ", "I\u2019m no ghost - I\u2019m an unfinished businessman! ", "9/11 jokes are just plane wrong.", "Wife: germs last on paper money for up to 27 days! Husband: *opens empty wallet* don't worry, we're safe.", "No matter how kind you are, German children are definitely kinder. ", "Sorry, but I don't speak any English, whatsoever. ", "Trying to figure out why suicidal pilots wear helmets.", "What is yellow and lives off dead Beatles? Yoko Ono", "I've just gotta relax after a hard day of ignoring work. ", "I\u2019ve just been fired from the clock making factory after all those extra hours I put in. ", "Netflix and chill more like boba and bang ", "What is the opposite of progress? Congress.", "Why was the mortgage sad? Because it was a loan.", "Man who invented anagrams has died. May he Erect a penis.", "Why do psychics have doorbells? ", "What do Americans do immediately after winning the World Cup? Turn off the Playstation.", "My doctor told me that I needed to watch my drinking. So now I drink in front of a mirror.", "I love you mower today than yesterday, but not as mulch as tomorrow. ", "Men approve of premarital sex until daughters are born. ", "The tale of the haunted refrigerator was chilling. ", "Tonight is the night the missus wears crotchless pants! Not for me though! Its to get a better grip on her broom.", "Balloon boy imma let you finish but Anne frank had the best attic hideout of all time.", "I wish I'd copyrighted plagiarism ", "My brother and I laugh at how competitive we were as kids, but I laugh more. ", "A skier retires when he starts going downhill. ", "I'm in a dark place. I should replace that light bulb. ", "The worst thing to play kickball with is a bucket ", "It takes me three tries to get it right on the first attempt.", "I can\u2019t remember how I did in history class, but I was lost in geography ", "Are you from Ireland? Cause when I look at you my penis is Dublin.", "Hymen's hymn is another way of saying vagina monologue. ", "Why don't mummies go on holiday? They're afraid to relax and unwind.", "Take my advice, do not take my advice.", "Today I am running around the park and putting sprinkles on dog crap so people's days aren't ruined.", "You can\u2019t be a rebel without a cause...because your parents slept togheter, there is your cause. [deleted]", "I can jump higher than the average house. Because the average house can't jump.", "I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it. ", "You know the cure for corona virus? Lyme disease. ", "So , my professor doesn't talk , she yells :) ", "My family think I spend too much time doing dot-to-dot puzzles, but it's okay..I know where to draw the line.", "Sex is like golf, you don't have to be good at it to have a good time. ", "Doggy-style sex with the wife is something I can really get behind. [deleted]", "My wife just said I was ignorant..Nonsense! Why? I don't even know the meaning of the word!", "7 wheelchair athletes have been banned from the next Olympics after they tested positive for WD 40. ", "Potassium was known to be sassy, it always responded with \"K\" to everything ", "I was at a club, they played jump! So I jumped, played twist and shout, so I twisted and shouted! They played come on Eileen and they kicked me out.", "When my tile tower collapsed, I knew I had a case of erect tile dysfunction. ", "As a blind man I say enough is enough with this joke on us that some people have black skin ", "My Dad got a new pair of pants. When I asked him how they fit, he said, \"like a cheap castle\". When I looked confused he said, \"no ballroom\"", "My job as a designer of fake aeroplane parts is in false wing. ", "What's the best way to catch a rabbit?Hide in the bushes and make lettuce noises.", "His name is James but his word ain't bond. ", "What do you call a man with cat scratches all over his head? Claude!", "Theres many bathroom scenes in Star Trek but they look like any other scene cuz its done by transporter while they work ", "What's a pirate's favourite sex position? Up the Arrrrrrse!", "My dictionary goes in chronological order. [deleted]", "Advice from a professional counterfeiter to his apprentice: Make it till you fake it ", "My father worked at a power plant for 35 years until he was diagnosed with an industrial complex. ", "I have a great joke about superheroes, but I'd hate to diss guys in disguise ", "You measure a Lego minifigures footsize in square feet. ", "I'm so straight, I don't even have a back door to my house. ", "Chinese joke: A man named dish was walking down the street when he was taken to be eaten. [deleted]", "Curious how everone talks about \u00ab a shoe \u00bb when sneezing, it\u2019s not fair to gloves. ", "The Amish go to Internet Hell where theres no Internet, and later they die. ", "My pastor\u2019s insistence on giving him a blowjob is bringing me to my knees ", "I was at a tiny beach and a microwave washed ashore. ", "I did not know why my arms and legs were in irons, but I was sure impressed. ", "Us humans get relaxed by listening to birds screaming for sex ", "You're listening to Surreal FM - don't touch that Dal\u00ed! ", "Extraverts are having an extra hard time with social distancing. ", "He's not dead\u2026 he's electroencephalographically challenged.", "My wife came home from work crying yesterday and asked me to console her. So I hit her over the head with my Xbox.", "I nevet wanted to be an astronaut until I realized I need some space [deleted]", "I still go to church, just not religiously. ", "I cant think of any boat jokes. Canoe?", "Barage: neighborhood garage transformed to look like a city bar.", "I wanted to be a chiropractor, but just didn't have the backbone for it. ", "What do you call it when you open a soda for a buddy who is in outer space? An astrofizzassist.", "Police are after the 'knitting needle nutter' who's stabbed 6 people. They believe he's following some kind of pattern.", "I don't plan to put up solar panels, but if you do, more power to you. ", "I've got my first Gamblers Anonymous meeting tomorrow. I rang them today to check the time. It's ten to one.", "The people in Pompeii were playing a real game of The Floor is Lava ", "If I saw relay runners holding a palpebra stick, I wouldn't baton eyelid. ", "- What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle?  Beef Strokenoff", "I said to the Japanese waiter. \"Bring me 14 types of rice wine and don't get all saki\" ", "What do you call a teacher that doesn't fart in public? A private tooter.", "Police are working tirelessly to catch the local wheel thief. ", "If you think your dog can't count, try putting three dog treats in your pocket and then give him only two of them.", "How do you kill a circus? Go straight for the juggler", "Malcom X comes from a long line of relatives named Malcom. 9 others to be exact. ", "Im so horny the crack of dawn better be careful around me ", "What does Donald Trump tell Barack Obama supporters? Orange Is The New Black", "Why was the biscuit crying? Because it's mother was a wafer too long", "What's the difference between a woman in church and a woman in the bath? One has hope in her soul..", "Well, to be frank i'd have to change my name. ", "I asked my gay physics teacher if there's attraction between us and then he kicked me out ", "When they started taxing penis length all of a sudden the richest man had the longest he said ", "Learning to love yourself is important. Just don't let your partner catch you doing it!", "Did you hear about the constapated mathematician. [deleted]", "If it weren't for mini blinds It would be curtains for all of us.", "With everyone sitting around doing nothing all day, covid isn't the only curve thats flattening. ", "Say what you want about deaf people. ...", "When I sit down on the toilet, some shit is about to go down. ", "My buddy invented a way you can eat just by imagining a meal, I said that's food for thought. ", "If you eat your cake fast enough, your Fitbit thinks you're walking. ", "Energizer bunny arrested charged with battery. ", "I'm going to live forever, or die trying! ", "I'm seriously thinking about remarrying my ex-wife but I'm pretty sure she'll figure out I'm just after my money. ", "Whose cruel idea was it for the word \"lisp\" to have an \"s\" in it? ", "I asked my wife to dress up as a nurse tonight to fulfill my fantasy that we have health insurance. ", "When my wife accused me of being self-important, I was so surprised, I nearly fell off my throne. ", "Here's to unnecessary toasts... ", "I dont know what all this planking business is about, I just know Snoopy started it.", "'Allahu Akbar' is the YOLO of the arabs. [deleted]", "With grate power, comes lots of shredded cheese. ", "I\u2019ve got a friend who\u2019s fallen in love with two school bags \u2013 he\u2019s bi-satchel. ", "I quit drinking yesterday. Come to think of it, I quit drinking every day. ", "\"Blow up dolls\" have a totally different meaning to terrorist ", "Pro-Lifers are really Procreation. ", "There's been an explosion at a pie factory in Huddersfield. 3.14159265 dead.", "How many men does it take to open a beer? None. It should be opened by the time she brings it.", "I'm on a whisky diet. Last week I lost three days!", "Monotheism is a gift from the gods.", "I'm like the fabric version of King Midas, because everything I touch, becomes felt. ", "What do gay horses eat? Haaaaaaaaayyyyyyyy", "The climate is becoming misanthropical. ", "Sometimes I use big words which I don't understand to make me seem more photosynthesis.", "Unprotected sleep: sleeping without an alarm clock.", "Do you know how much cocaine Charlie Sheen did last year? Enough to kill 2 and 1/2 men.", "Fingers crossed for my knuckle replacement \ud83e\udd1e\ud83c\udffe ", "What's the biggest advantage of living in Switzerland? Well the flag's a big plus.", "Onions are like people, there are many layers to them and you cry when you chop them up. ", "Some German sausages are Teewurst ", "A doctor told the boy, \"This injection won't hurt a bit.\"  That's an MD promise.", "I tried reading Aristotle, but it was all Greek to me ", "Guy with a 2 foot dick went to jail for sex with a minor inside an adult ", "February can't March, but April May. ", "I can\u2019t breathe ", "I can hear opera coming from my wallet. I think it might be the 3 tenners.", "Don't try hiding the sun with a finger. You may get burnt. ", "I saw a transvestite in a mini-skirt and I thought, \"Wow. That shows a lot of balls.\" ", "If you're hotter than me, then that means I'm cooler than you. ", "We are truly living through an un-Presidented time in history. ", "Advertisment from British Airways:  \"Breakfast in London, Lunch in New-York and luggage in Berlin\"", "I accidentally spilled glitter on my crotch... Pretty nuts if I do say so myself. ", "Why did the blonde tiptoe past the medicine cabinet? She didn't want to wake the sleeping pills.", "She thinks I fear commitment but I can't say I do. [deleted]", "A Slut nixes sex in Tulsa ", "Please can you help me? I can't seem to think of another purpose for multi-purpose compost, other than for growing plants in. ", "If I listen to the radio while I exercise, does that make me radioactive? ", "In principle I'm against brain transplants, but after careful consideration I might change my mind. ", "Female pilots have the best cockpits. ", "I recently completed research on head injuries and in contusion I\u2019d like to report my findings. ", "I take steps to avoid lifts.", "Prius: a tampon on wheels.", "If time is money, and money is the root of all evil, then wasting time is fighting evil. [deleted]", "So this guy with a premature ejaculation problem comes out of nowhere. ", "My answering machine: Roses are red, some willows weep, please leave your message, after the beep.", "I don't want my ideas to trickle up, I want my virtues to trickle down ", "I felt like I was on the voice today! I farted on the bus and 4 people turned around.", "animal behavior can warn you when something is coming. Like the night before that last earthquake hit, our  dog took the car and drove off", "In New York someone gets stabbed every 52 seconds...poor bastard! ", "If I ever get married one day I hope it would be to my future wife ", "If your feet smell and your nose runs, you're built upside down.", "A banana and a vibrator are lying on a bed. The banana turns to the vibrator and says; \"I don't know why your shaking, they're gonna eat me!\"", "I didn't like the food on my flight home. It was too plane.", "how long is a Chinese name ", "Dying in transit is reaching your final destination before reaching your final destination. ", "What do elephants use for a tampon?  Sheep", "When a prostitute loses their job, do they get laid off? ", "I can see no end, I have no control, I have no home and there's no escape. Definitely need a new keyboard.", "I once had to say goodbye to a good buy to do good by a good bi because I owed them money. ", "My friend was so dumb as a kid he tried to climb mountain dew and now has diabetes ", "I can never remember what entomology means and it really bugs me. ", "CANT STOP LAUGHING AFTER WATCHING THIS GOLD \ud83d\ude02 [removed]", "I can't pull the wool over someone's eyes without pulling their leg ", "Saw too angry failed maths students rectangularing up to each other in the pub. ", "Frigid men don't give a fuck. ", "My friend was eating my salad so when the waited asked what I wanted I said \"Caesar salad\" ", "Sardonic vegetarians are wry on ham ", "The symbol in which everyone thinks is a heart  is not actually derived from an actual heart? But a rear view of a girl bending over.", "Ahem, my friend, ahem. He went to the urologist. Anyways, the story is short. [removed]", "I like my ceiling. It\u2019s not the best, but it\u2019s pretty high up there. ", "What do you call a black homosexual? Niggay.", "I sat down with my teenage daughter yo have the 'Birds and the Bees' chat. I learned a lot. ", "A midget and a dwarf have very little in common. ", "Dim light bulbs or bright light bulbs? Watts the difference.", "WHY DUN CALL BUM AN \"ASS\"!? ", "I\u2019m not passive-aggressive. Unlike some people I know. ", "There was an earthquake near the Galaxy chocolate factory this morning..It sent ripples through the whole building.", "Renamed my iPod as 'the titantic' so when I plug it in it's says 'the titantic is syncing.", "Did you know vampires are not real? Unless you Count Dracula ", "I'll tell you what I love doing more than anything: trying to pack myself in a small suitcase. I can hardly contain myself.", "Dear Satan, all I want for Christmas is a cure for my dyslexia. ", "I'm attracted to little people. Now do you see why that's a bad name for midgets? ", "Dating a girl from the zoo. She's a keeper.", "Twinkle twinkle little slut, close your legs you filthy mutt.", "It was tense when the past, present, and future walked into a bar. ", "I was going to start an Apathy Anonymous group, but why bother. ", "When entering a funeral home, remember to stay alert and always look alive! ", "Bartender says, a Corona and 2 hurricanes, that'll be $20.20 ", "I just got hit by a rental car. It Hertz.", "We're used to terms like \"filthy rich\" and \"dirt poor\"\u2014but whatever happened to clean and comfortable? ", "My wife's a terrible cook, she can never get her sauces right! But I've stuck with her, through thick and thin.", "Excuse me while I lick the blood on the inside of my tongue ", "Instead of being cremated or buried when I die, I'd much rather my body be cut into pieces and sent to people I don't like. ", "What's the difference between a tornado and a divorce in the south? Nothing. Someone's losing a trailer either way.", "I really hate being a depressed atheist. Nothing to live for, nothing to die for.", "You can't call it Viagra anymore! Copyright law! You now have to use it's proper medical name. Mycoxafloppin", "Here's a FedEx joke - actually, you'll get it tomorrow", "Why are so many black celebrities accused of rap? (Credit to /u/ISayWhatIWantBitch)", "Why do they sterilize needles for lethal injections?", "The ships on the Cruise Line will be called \u201cI Want The Truth!\u201d \u201cShow Me The Money!\u201d and \u201cI Feel The Need...The Need For Speed!\u201d ", "I tell you what I love doing, trying to fit a small suitcase. I can hardly contain myself.", "Did you know drinking beer makes you smart? It made Bud wiser.", "When wine, women, and song start to play on a man's health; it's time to give up singing ", "It's time we assertively pontificate reliable alignments to competently facilitate equity invested human capital. ", "What building isn't trustworthy? The lie-brary.", "If I had a dollar for every boring sermon my priest at church gave...I'd actually go. [deleted]", "Together, we can beat codependency. ", "Coffee puns have Azero percent success rate. ", "The air conditioning tech came by my house this morning, so I spent the afternoon just chilling. ", "I barely had sex last year, which beats having it with a condom. ", "one liner  **Last week Thursday I can't believe the line was so long at the build a bear store. It cost me $60** ", "How do you get Piakchu on the bus? .................. You Poke him on! ", "I once dated a girl with a wooden leg... but I had to break it off. ", "My drug dealer always cracks me up ", "True friends stab you in the front. ", "There will be no dictatorships because I said so ", "There are 70 ways to keep a man happy. One is alcohol, the other is 69. ", "If it wasn't for blinds, it would be curtains for us all.", "I'm always afraid my wife will leave me for a midget because he under stands.", "My mate just spent \u00a330 on a chicken that doesn't lay eggs. Cock.", "I invented a new word today: Plagiarism. Sauce? Say what?", "Why\u2019s my ruler not moving? Because it\u2019s stationary ", "i saw this guy with license plates that said \"sonofgod\". and i was like, jesus christ. ", "1/3 Of people live next to a pedophile. Not me though, I live next to two really hot ten year old's!", "Everyone's political views are a trolling shitpost to someone ", "What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear", "Getting stoned while you're in the Middle East can be a painful experience. ", "Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud.", "I have an amazing level of patience. When that runs out, I have a baseball bat. ", "Bought a memory foam mattress because I was feeling lonely, sadly its more shallow than I expected. ", "I'd like to shout out to the people who don't know what the opposite of in is... ", "I'll go out of my way to avoid getting run over. ", "If I got $1 every time a woman said I was't her type, I'd be her type.", "The purpose of waitors at a buffet is to help you lose count of how many plates youve eaten ", "I eschew fancy words. ", "How do you keep a turkey in suspense? I'll tell you tomorrow.", "What did the grape say when it was stepped on? Nothing, it just gave a little wine.", "At using Microsoft Office, I excel. ", "There are 2 sexes and a lot of mental disorders. ", "I got a letter from Africa. I didn't open it...certified blackmail.", "I'm unsure if I should attend the seminar on decision making. ", "I told my teacher I'm more of a hands on learner, she kicked me out of Sex Ed. [deleted]", "Did you hear about the guy who lost his left arm and left leg in a car accident? He's alright.", "I love everything about Switzerland and their flag is a big plus too. ", "I had to cancel my doctor appointment because I'm sick ", "I just started reading my first ever Braille horror story and I think that something scary is about to happen, I can feel it. ", "A new wagon designed for LA rush hour traffic is called the Stationary wagon.", "Recent Sperm Bank Review: \"I love coming here\"", "I hate making spelling mistakes when I'm posting on /r/oneliners because all you have to do is mix up a few letters and your whole joke is urined. ", "Health advice: the more birthdays you have, the longer you live. Guaranteed.", "When girls say \"let's just be friends\" it's like your mom telling you that your dog died but you can still keep it.", "What do fat chicks and brick walls have in common? They both get laid by Mexicans.", "If religious people think getting high is bad, why do they want you to get high on Jesus? ", "What kind of monkey can fly? A hot air baboon.", "My wife\u2019s sister was lonely and fell on hard times, so I invited her to live with us and I think it was rather bigamy. ", "Roses are red, violets are blue, trees are brown and so is poo. ", "I don't fuck with the metric system, I pound it. ", "I've taken up speed reading. I can read 'War and Peace' in 20 seconds. It's only 3 words but it's a start.", "I would tell you a joke about bread, But you dont knead to hear it. ", "Just ordered a load of bubble wrap off eBay today. Just to see what it gets delivered in.", "I\u2019ll tell ya, I kno I\u2019m ugly. The other day, I went to my proctologist and he stuck finger in my mouth -Rodney Dangerfield", "I took the missus to a restaurant last night. I said \"do you like peppa pig?\". She said \"yeah\". I said \"waiter some pepper over here please\".", "People keep asking where my glasses are but I hardly see how thats relevant. ", "My girlfriend left me cause she's sick of me \"quoting her all the time\"...", "I am a bit younger than most people my age. ", "What is Kanye West's favourite kind of omelette? Omeletteyoufinish", "The irony of an Egyptian woman having a miscarriage is the tomb is inside the mummy. ", "What's the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.", "My wife got mad just because I hoovered up her contact lenses; well, I guess she WAS wearing them at the time. ", "What was Hitler's favorite video game? Mein Kraft", "I went through 3 whole magazines at the doctors earlier. I would have kept on killing but they wrestled the gun away from me.", "Squirrels will never wear skinny jeans because their nuts won't fit. ", "If cats had wings, they would still just lay there. ", "I always wanted to be a procrastinator! But I've never actually gotten around to doing it.", "\"Thanks to the Interstate Highway System, it is now possible to travel from coast to coast without seeing anything.\"", "Answering Machine: \"Hi! I'm probably home. I'm just avoiding someone I don't like. Leave a message. If I don't call back, it's you.\"", "I'm so good with horses that you can say I'm a stable genius. ", "Elevator jokes are funny on so many levels ", "My job circumcising elephants doesn\u2019t pay much, but the tips are huge. ", "I buy used panties online, it isn't a fetish, I just really like doing laundry. ", "After reading this you will notice that the the brain doesn't notice the second \"the\".", "lI fight for what I believe in. I am a mercenary, and I believe in money.", "\u041cy r\u0435\u0430l stor\u0443 \u0430bout 3 tim\u0435s with 3 diff\u0435r\u0435nt girls for guys [removed]", "I tried to finish the leftovers, but ... foiled again. ", "People always say that tattoos are a great way of preserving precious memories. In case you forget that anchor.. or your Mothers name.", "I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.", "Why do they leave out the letter B on \"Garage Sale\" Signs?", "I hesitate to join a support group for fathers who left to buy cigarettes and haven't returned, because I can't shake the feeling that I won't be long. ", "I mailed you a penny, but I'm not sure if it was cent ", "I was playing chess with my friend when he said \"let's make things interesting\", so we stopped playing chess.", "My wife's leaving me because \"Everything I say is irrelevant\". Easy for her to say when her mum's sister has just bought a new coffee table.", "This morning I made my hamster an extra strong espresso coffee and crushed some caffeine pills up in his food because I'd hate for him to fall asleep at the wheel. ", "Remember, there are two words in life that will open a lot of doors for you. Push and Pull.", "I have SEXDAILY! I mean DYSLEXIA. Fcuk!", "What do you call a can opener that doesn't work ?.......Can't opener. ", "I don't want to sound big headed but I wear a size XXL hat.", "Why do sharks swim in salt water? Because pepper water makes them sneeze.", "There are countless films without dracula in them..", "Did you hear about the paper boy? He blew away.", "I've just phoned the Incontinence HelpLine, I was put on hold for 20 minutes..... ", "College is just high school with more expensive books.", "Yo mama is so ugly when she joined an ugly contest, they said \"Sorry, no professionals.\"", "NERD: One whose IQ exceeds their weight.", "\"You're like a coin.\" ... \n\"Awwww, valuable?\" ... \n\"Nope, two faced\"", "I've been charged with murder for killing a man with sandpaper. To be honest I only intended to rough him up a bit.", "I sponsor an alcoholic; I pay for his bar tab. [deleted]", "I am waiting for tha audiobooks version of the Kama Sutra. ", "Soccer balls are pointless. ", "I know a man who taught his dog to play the trumpet on the London Underground. He went from Barking to Tooting in an hour.", "Sometimes pregnancy lasts so long, it seems like a maternity. ", "Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do practice? ", "I did abroad for a semester, and then broke up with her. [deleted]", "Did you hear the one about the Chinese Godfather? He made them an offer they couldn't understand.", "Your ginger was a hair too much for my taste. ", "Wait For It: [removed]", "A snake that's 3.14 metres long is called a Pi-thon. ", "Most people save money when they join the Army, but it cost me an arm and a leg. ", "I ain\u2019t saying you\u2019re fat but your skinny jeans are JNCO\u2019s ", "Love: Nature's way of tricking people into reproducing.", "Is it still French Toast if they use Italian Bread? ", "A woman drove me to drink and I hadn't the decency to thank her ", "I actually watched inception when it first came out on my phone inside a cinema... ", "Dough kneads to be kneaded. ", "My window cleaner was banging on my window shouting and swearing. I thought to myself: he's lost his rag.", "I procrastinate a lot so I need a woman with no lollygag reflex. ", "i do agree its healthy to laugh at your mistakes but... if you are a plastic surgeon you should probably do it in private..", "I like buying corn from pirates, they sell it for a buccaneer. ", "I'd rather have a bottle in front of me, than a frontal lobotomy. ", "What is the difference between blondes and traffic signs?\n\nSome traffic signs say stop.", "Guys who get a huge inheritance have huge willpower ", "I made a shirt out of thumb tacks because I wanted to look sharp, but everyone said it was tacky.", "How do you get a woman to stop giving blowjobs? Marry her.", "I haven't earned a restraining order yet, but I'm not far away. ", "Never ask a starfish for directions. ", "When his fans make him sing the same song over and over, ozzy is going ON the rails of the crazy train ", "A nosy pepper is one that is jalapeno business. ", "When I die, I'd like to be cremated. I think I've urned it. ", "I won best newcomer at the British Porn Awards last night &amp;#x200B;", "If two people with names that rhyme get married, can we call them rhyming couplets? ", "I want to find my true self. But for fun, I decided to throw on some camouflage.", "i only type in lowercase because i hate capitalism. ", "I recently called my necrophiliac friend... [deleted]", "To be frank, I'd have to change my name. ..", "\"ok boomer\", said the currant to the elderberry ", "Did you hear about the man who fell asleep at the wheel? There was a terrible mess, clay everywhere...", "What do you get when you cross a joke and a rhetorical question?", "All my titanic jokes tend to sink ", "My neighbour Mohammed has given up white water rafting. He's now a Muslim ex-streamist.", "In a Catholic boarding school, how do you know when to go to bed? The big hand touches the little hand.", "I want to go to IKEA, hide in a wardrobe, and when someone opens it, say, \u201cWelcome to Narnia!\u201d ", "How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?None.  They screw in hot tubs.", "I can't seem to make up my mind, so I'm not sure if that's a problem ", "I don't really know too much about Switzerland...but their flag is a big plus! ", "How's Donald Trump going to get rid of all the Mexicans? Juan by Juan.", "I'm really starting to hate these stupid little Russian Dolls. They're so full of themselves.", "Your mommas so fat, she uses Google++++", "Maybe giving my girlfriend a bag of onions for Christmas wasn't a good idea - it left her in tears. ", "When my girlfriend told me she was pregnant, I asked her, \"Are you sure it's yours?\" ", "Why don't Jewish cannibals like eating Germans? They give them gas.", "the phrase \"going commando\" almost makes me want to join the army naked ", "I can't tell if this guy across from me on the train looks like Sigmund Freud or a penis. ", "Sometimes I use long words I don't fully understand. To try and make myself sound more photosynthesis.", "Did you hear that David Copperfield has aids now? Yea, he was doing Magic.", "My Great Great Grandfather apparently tried to shake his executioners hand but was left hanging. ", "I only drink three times a week - before work, during work and after work. [deleted]", "I'm dating a hunchback. We have had a lot of problems in our relationship, but I think we're over the hump. ", "I called the hospital, but the line is dead. ", "What concert costs 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickleback.", "The number 10210 is too intense. ", "How do u find Will Smith in the snow? Look for the fresh prints.", "I met this suave ventriloquist...he was as cool as a cucunger. ", "Those who get too big for their pants will be exposed in the end. ", "Crime doesn't pay...Does that mean my job is a crime?", "Shouldn't skilled liars be called make-up artists? ", "How did the nucleus escape from prison? Through the cell wall.", "Gonna dress up as a Champions League trophy for Halloween and go around scaring Arsenal fans.", "Sex with my wife is like my bank account. I put it in, lose interest and take it out again. ", "My new job as a crane operator has been very uplifting. ", "Life is not a fairy tale, if you lose your shoe at midnight you're drunk! [removed]", "Humpty Dumpty's last words. \" man I had a good summer. I just hope I have a great fall!\"", "I've been to the dentist a thousand times. I know the drill. ", "Fight Club is pretty overlooked. Nobody talks about it these days! [source](https://twitter.com/Ha_Ka_Tu/status/1065683612174036992)", "If you think you are having a bad day..just remember one day somebody is going to have Snooki as a mom.", "Yes, wine does improve with age. The older you get, the more you like it.\ud83c\udf77 ", "Why don't boxers have sex the night before a fight? Because they don't fancy each other.", "Jehovah's Witnesses don't celebrate Halloween. I guess they don't appreciate random people coming up to their door. ", "I'll never forget the day my doctor told me I have Alzheimer's. ", "My math teacher was late, because he took the rhombus. ", "Diarrhea must be hereditary because it runs in your jeans.", "Did you hear about the fella who had five cocks? His undies fit like a glove.", "\"Doctor, doctor, I've lost my memory.\" \"When did this happen?\" \"When did what happen?\"", "My four year old grandson has been learning Spanish all year but still can\u2019t say please, which I think is poor for four ", "How are synagogues like lemons?  They're full of acidic juice.", "I loved others as I love myself and got slapped for groping. Keep those hugs above the belt, you perv.\n*only while others are watching!!!*", "People who don't know the difference between \"burro\" and \"burrow\" don't know their ass from a hole in the ground. ", "Have you ever realized that almost half of all Americans is torso? ", "I lost my job as a stage manager, I left without making a scene. ", "Getting brain surgery soon but really I don't mind it [deleted]", "What is a letter that begins with a \"w\" ", "I'm going to give out secrets of the baking industry on a knead to dough basis. ", "when you start rubbing your eye and you hit the G spot. ", "I used to work in search and rescue, which I always had a flare for ", "A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman\u2019s birthday but never remembers her age. ", "A lesbian is just another woman trying to do a man's job.", "Single women can't fart because they don't get an asshole until they're married. ", "I worry about my nan. If she's alone and falls, does she make a noise? I'm joking, she's dead. ", "Where do astronauts go out for a drink? To the spacebar.", "Why is it called a \"building\" when it is already built?", "I ate the CRAZIEST snack at the pub last night. It was nuts.", "A person went to a coffee shop. The waiter asked, \"Do you want your coffee black?\" The person replied, \"What other colors do you have?\"", "Jails dont recycle cuz they are the trash can for people ", "\"Can I have a pack of condoms?\" I asked the pharmacist. \"A small box?\" he asked. \"I hope so!\" I replied.", "Wanted: self-sufficient pub landlord. Apply with inn. ", "To the person who invented 0: Thanks for nothing.", "I was going to talk shit on iMacs, but I decided that wouldn't be very PC. ", "When the Mormon was asked in court if he had forced an underage child into marriage, he stated, \"I plead the first\". ", "Never mix drinks and feelings. ", "I will stop at nothing to avoid negative numbers. ", "In the spring, trees are releaved. ", "Form is temporary, class is permanent. -Morning motivation from Amoeba. ", "\u201cThe object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.\u201d", "I just found out that 'Aarrgghh' is not a real word.I can't even tell you how angry I am!", "Knock knock...Who's there? The doorbell repair man.", "I'm looking for a new vacuum cleaner. My one is just gathering dust. ", "This woman came up to me on the train and said \"Tickets, please,\" so I told her to fuck off and get her own [deleted]", "My ouija board spelled out skeptic. [deleted]", "How did Rihanna find out Chris Brown was cheating on her? She found another women's lipstick on his knuckles.", "Did you hear about the Leper going for the masturbation world record? Eventually he pulled it off!", "A troll is a terrorist of words [deleted]", "About to pull the trigger on a gun metaphor. ", "I had a pun about insanity, but then I lost it. ", "Not a one liner but still funny Sex with 3 people is called a threesome. Sex with 2 people is a twosome. So next time someone calls you handsome, do NOT take it as a compliment", "In-flight meals are all lies before takeoff. [OC]", "We live in the WTF generation: Wikipedia, Twitter and Facebook.", "I, for one, like Roman Numerals", "There's no way I'll allow those filthy conjunctions to be members of my Parts of Speech Club, no ifs, ands, or buts. ", "I have sensitive teeth. Even me just saying that offends them. ", "My mate just came fourth in a Body-Snatching contest. I told him \"It's not the winning, it's the taking parts that counts\"", "What a gorgeous day to walk around outside staring at my phone.", "The other day a man in a bathroom offered me some cocaine. Frankly, I was disgusted. What sort of crack dealer tries to sell an unfinished product? ", "I would tell you that my vacuum sucks, but it doesn\u2019t. ", "I've made a product that increases the size of your basement. I hope it'll be a big cellar.", "111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321", "I think I don't have a brain ", "A closed mouth gathers no foot.", "\"Inverted sit-ups\" is just a fancy name for lay-downs. I can only do one. But I can hold it for a long time.", "I could of been a snooker player, but no one gave me a break.", "There's 3 types of people in this world; those who can count and those who can't. ", "What's better than eating a mandarin? Eating Amanda out.", "Yo momma so fat she have flabby thighs but lucky for you her stomach covers em.", "I'm not one for blanket statements but all comforters are the same. ", "My favorite outdoor activity is going back inside.", "Bike... ...is short for Bichael.", "It took my girlfriend years to admit that she had a stutter. ", "I am god half mighty ", "I hated my job as an origami teacher..Too much paperwork.", "I wanted to marry my English teacher when she got out of jail, but apparently, you can\u2019t end a sentence with a proposition. ", "Kids in the back seat cause accidents; accidents in the back seats cause kids.", "A group of necrophiliacs draw straws. ", "Golf is a game for the subpar individual ", "I don't not hate double negatives. [deleted]", "Most people go to sleep but a kleptomaniac takes a nap. ", "I can never explain stuff to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally. ", "A niche is a female version of a nephew. ", "If corn oil is made from corn.. and vegetable oil is made from vegetables.. what is baby oil made from?", "I finally quit drinking for good, and now I drink for evil. ", "I was accused of ruining a family portrait, but I swear I was framed.", "Yesterday, a feminist asked me how I view lesbian relationships. Apparently 'In HD' wasn't the correct answer.", "I got fired from my job as a baker... Guess I'll have to find another way to make dough. ", "People keep telling me that I should be prouder of my achievements, but I'm not one to humblebrag. [deleted]", "What did Jay-Z call his girlfriend before getting married? Feyonc\u00e8", "When does 1+1=3? When you don't use a condom.", "Just found out I have a Chinese half brother after all these years. Can't wait to meet Mi Sib Ling.", "If you die in an elevator, be sure to press the UP button.", "What did the cheese maker say after his factory was hit by lightning? I've created a muenster.", "\u202aMy manager hid her food during the FBI raid so they couldn't Caesar Salad. \u202c ", "Legoshi got pulled in the rabbit hole ", "how long is [deleted]", "A frozen bottle of water should be allowed on a flight since it\u2019s not a liquid. ", "Taco Night at the Drug Rehab Clinic allows you to shit AND get off the pot! ", "Zika? Who doesn't like a little head? ", "The Dentist says, \"When was the last time you flossed?\" The Patient replies, \"You should know, you were there!\"", "I didnt want to go to Thailand... but Phuket. ", "Tried skinny-dipping once; it was pretty easy to keep his head under the water. ", "If a Sith Lord with 4 lightsabers was unable to say no then his name would be General Agreevous. ", "I dropped a deuce and she beat me with a tray. ", "Why shouldn't you shake hands with Tigger? Because he plays with Pooh.", "people dont care if they're spied on by someone they and their friends will never hear back from, until its too late ", "My dentist is a miserable fellow, always looking down in the mouth.", "My wife said she was in the mood for something a bit unusual in the bedroom tonight. So I dragged the dishwasher up there.", "Why do women live longer, peaceful lives? Because they don't have a wife!", "If you think about it, we chop down bird houses to make bird houses. ", "Did you hear about the Aggie car pool? They all meet at work.", "How does a muppet die? It Kermits suicide.", "My plan to have an incomplete Will Smith movie collection is coming together without a Hitch. ", "If you lose one sense, your other senses are enhanced. That's why people with no sense of humour have an increased sense of self-importance", "My father told me I had to stop smoking weed. It was a blunt ultimatum. ", "I hate Russian dolls...so full of themselves. ", "Yas ! Successfully surprising my disappoinments .", "I tried sniffing coke once..and got an ice cube stuck up my nose.", "I usually take steps to avoid elevators. ", "\"Dad I don't want a puppy!\" \"Young Man, you'll eat what you're given in this house.\"", "I would never want to belong to any club that would have someone like me for member.", "Being hyperbolic is literally my biggest fear. ", "People give addicts a hard time, but it\u2019s no surprise that Humpty Dumpty didn\u2019t want to get back on the horse. ", "Found out recently that my wife had an affair with a midget. I can't believe she would stoop so low.", "some people don't like my dark humor, but i believe they are resist some people don't like my dark humor, but i believe they are resist", "I have a nagging, paranoid feeling that my dictaphone is close to full capacity, but maybe I\u2019m just reading too much into it. ", "What sound does a nut make when it sneezes ? Cashew. ", "Why did the dinosaur cross the road? Because the chicken joke hadn't been invented yet.", "When the train stopped in the middle of the tracks, the conductor diagnosed that it was exhausted ", "I'm going to try winking as much in real life as I do in texts. ;)", "Fighting for peace is like having sex for virginity.", "Nice ", "If a pig loses its voice, does it become disgruntled?", "Scooby-Doo [deleted]", "My girlfriend has a thing for hairy chests, but I keep saying that it doesn't suit her. ", "I was gutted when my cat drowned in the washing machine. At least he died in Comfort.", "My wife told me I was immature and needed to grow up, so guess who\u2019s not allowed in my tree house anymore!? ", "You don't know how much someone is worth to you, until you sell them.\ud83d\udcb5 ", "A dyslexic man walks into a bra [deleted]", "How did a fool and his money get together in the first place?", "I was feeling philosophical at the bar last night, so I ended the night deep in THOT. ", "What do you call a sleepwalking nun?A roamin' Catholic.", "I hope, there's going to be a full moon during the solar eclipse ", "Just bought myself a universal remote control. I thought to myself \"This changes everything.", "When do Jews go swimming? When it Israeli hot ", "Never, ever make absolute, unconditional statements.", "Isolation may not be a good thing but my KD on COD has hit 2.1 ", "A woman looked in the mirror and was shocked to see her first strands of grey hair. She thought she'd dye.", "22 Lanthanum atoms walk out of the forest, followed by a group of Smurfs. ", "Just invited my friends round for a Vodka party. Everyone was in great spirits.", "Why did the woman cross the road? To go back to the first clothes shop she was in 3 hours ago.", "Place a STUDENT DRIVER sign on top of your car, and suddenly nobody suspects you of drunk driving.", "there had never been a shooting at my office, despite plenty of firing. ", "\"My door is always open\" and \"Trespassers will be blessed\" are synonymous. ", "One cannibal says to the other \" Damn ,this clown sure taste funny . \" [deleted]", "I used to hate math, but now I realised decimals have a point.", "It's like my mother always said...What the fuck is wrong with you? ", "This is my best one-liner: ", "I once bought some used paint, and it was in the shape of a house ", "I own a solar powered food maker that I call \"an apple tree.\" ", "We have no aspirin sorry, only the parrots ate 'em all. ", "I asked my gym instructor if he could teach me to do the splits.He said \"How flexible are you?\". I said \"I can't make Tuesdays\".", "Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night. ", "One thing you\u2019ll never hear a Hindu say\u2026 \u2018Ah well, you only live once. ", "Did you hear about the kidnapping? He woke up.", "I prefer the 68 over the 69, that way I owe her one for next time ", "I got a part in a movie called Cocaine. I only have the one line though. ", "I advertised a ghost tour for my city and then didn\u2019t show up. ", "What do you call it when batman skips church? Christian Bale.", "My mother in law fell down a wishing well. I was amazed, I never knew they worked.", "My wife hit me with a balled up Kleenex resulting in some minor soft tissue damage. ", "What is the difference between a well dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle? Attire", "I know a joke about dynamite, but it bombs. ", "How can you tell if your girlfriend is getting fat? She fits into your wife's clothes.", "A man tried to poison his wife using a spider. He was charged with recluse endangerment . ", "Orange juice is especially good for focus because it's made from concentrate. ", "The brain is a wonderful organ:  it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school.", "I did not fall flat on my face. I was testing gravity, and just so you know, it still works.", "What do you call a pile of cats?  A MEOWTAIN.", "A new aftershave is out on the Market. Will get you any girl you want! Guaranteed! Eau de Chloroform! It's a knock-out!", "I held a meeting for premature ejaculators, the letter I sent out read \"casual attire, meeting starts at 6pm\" but every one still came early in their nicest pants. ", "What do you call an airplane that flies backwards? A receding airline", "BREAKING NEWS: A lorry containing Vanish has overturned in Middlesex causing Staines to completely disappear.", "When going to the bathroom, making sure everything flushes is your #2 job. ", "It's not who you know that's important, it's how your wife found out. ", "I'm a social vegan, I avoid meet. ", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Chester. Chester who? Chester Drawers.", "I hate the term 'Anal bleaching', I prefer to call it 'changing my ringtone' ", "Remember, you cant spell advertisements without semen between the tits. AdverTIsemenTS", "Imagine an Italian on Aitken\u2019s diet ", "Any guy named Richard will be 'Dick'ed over his whole life. ", "My sister hates school, so she joined a foreign exchange program to Saudi Arabia. [deleted]", "Is it OK to use my AM radio after noon?", "If a bunch if midgets did a wave, would it be called a ripple?", "I kissed her lips, she closed her legs, I broke my glasses. ", "My wife asked me, \"Did you eat my chocolate in the cupboard last night?\" \"No, don't be silly\" I replied\" I ate it on the sofa.\"", "I love pressing F5. It's so refreshing.", "Being a gay virgin feels like an asshole that has never taken a shit ", "Oriental massage books always have happy endings. ", "The only people that feel bad about wasting their life are the people that wouldn't be able to do anything useful with it, anyway.", "Tomorrow, I'm going to open up the time capsule I made when I was a kid. I can't wait to see how big my puppy is.", "A mexican magician told the audience he'll disappear on the count of three. He said \"Uno, dos\" *POOF*. He disappeared without a tres.", "A well executed theft without leaving any fingerprints, is a stain-less steal. ", "The light of God is greater than the sun so causes more cancer ", "Every vessel in the naval fleet of Sweden is barcoded and when the ships return to port they Scandinavian ", "I hired Fibonacci as a personal trainer, and now I can do 89 push ups in 10 seconds. ", "At a job interview \"What are your strengths?\" \"I'm an optimist and a positive thinker\" \"Can you give me an example?\" \"Yes, when do I start?\"", "If you're an astronaut and don't break up with someone by saying ' I need some space ' you're wasting everyone's time.", "I tried to teach my dog how to fetch. He just doesn't get it.", "I've told you a million times not to exaggerate. ", "I had a dream all of the babies prevented by the pill showed up. They were mad. [removed]", "I just spotted an albino Dalmatian, I mean, it was the least I could do. ", "Naps prevent old age, especially when you take them while driving.", "Sorry for the lack of updates. Will continue in the next couple of days", "Bought the missus a vibrator for her birthday. She's done nothing but moan ever since.", "Is it just me or does everyone find mirrors incredibly sexy ", "I have a bumper sticker that says 'Honk If You Think I'm Sexy' so I just sit at green lights until I feel better about myself! ", "2020 is the year to make jokes like there's no tomorrow. ", "My parents always claimed that having 13 kids was all consuming. ", "I love every bone in your body, especially mine. ", "Successful pianists know the key to success. ", "What do you give to the man who has everything? Penicillin.", "I've got things to see and people to do. ", "Why did Isaac Newton's son know so much about gravity? The apple didn't fall far from the tree.", "Electronic banking reduces white trash. [deleted]", "If at first you don't succeed, call it version 1.0", "It's sad when an octopus marriage breaks down, it's always the squids that suffer. ", "Irony:\n\n90 people get the Swine Flu and everybody wants to wear a mask.\n\nA million people have AIDS and no one wants to wear a condom", "I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it. -Mitch Hedberg", "You've got to hand it to blind prostitutes ", "So I was getting into my car, and this bloke says to me \"Can you give me a lift?\" \"Sure, you look great, the world's your oyster, go for it\"", "If a wipe down my vacuum with a paper towel.. That makes me a vacuum cleaner.", "The thing about most people is that they're Chinese. ", "People in the UK eat more bananas than monkeys. Last year they consumed 72,400 bananas and only 4 monkeys.", "If I had a choice between ending world hunger or watching a mountain lion perform a guitar solo, everybody would eat but I'd regret it forever. ", "Chuck Norris doesn't flush his toilet. He just scares the shit out of it!", "I am taping steaks to me feet, so i can have the rarest shoes in the world. ", "I tried to sue the airport for misplacing my luggage. I lost my case.", "I read a book about Stockholm Syndrome that was pretty bad at first, but by the end, I kinda liked it. ", "Why didn't Noah just swat those two mosquitoes?", "Government of Spain announces that during Covid-19 pandemic, popular Spanish saying \u201cmi casa su casa\u201d will be temporarily changed to: \u201cMi casa mi casa. Su casa su casa.\u201d ", "Weed will get you through times of no money better than money will get you through times of no weed. ", "My doctor said I have a bladder infection, urine trouble, I thought to myself. ", "Should Jack be considered a number?", "He who laughs last probably doesn't understand the joke.", "What lies at the bottom of the ocean and quivers? A nervous wreck. ", "Women might be able to fake orgasms, but men can fake a whole relationship. ", "It's a shame that stupidity can't be converted into a usable energy source.", "Are there a lot of first-person singular objective pronouns or is it just me? ", "My mate told me that his wife could do with losing a few pounds. So I mugged her.", "I hate it when I'm on the treadmill and my hand accidentally hits the stop button and I get off and eat a bacon sandwich.", "Rimjobs are terrible - they literally suck ass. ", "We do have a zeal for laughter in most situations, give or take a dentist.", "A Soviet banner hanging on someone's wall is a big red flag. ", "My girlfriend wanted me to tease her... I said, \"Alright, Fatty!\" ", "How do you make Holy water? You boil the Hell out of it. ", "I don't discriminate against anyone that's exactly the way I want them to be. ", "Every mirror is a rear-view mirror if you're a narcissist with a nice butt. ", "Squishh : A squid swimming silently ", "Thank God I'm an atheist ", "Life is full of complications, even when you're born, there's a string attached. ", "When my big toe got stuck underneath a semi tire I yelled to my friends to hurry and call a big tow truck. ", "They called me a mad scientist, but I'm sure they'll change their minds once i release the hypnodrones. ", "I used to disapprove of hitch-hiking, but now I've decided to give it thumps up. ", "If you have Tourette's and halitosis then your life sucks. [deleted]", "I got a silver medal in the mediocrity contest ", "If I had corona virus for every time I saw a young girl repeating a dance routine for her selfie camera I\u2019d be Florida. ", "Merchants of dried grapes are always raisin awareness. ", "Though Honduras is a bad place to live, their flag is five stars. ", "I left my girlfriend because she wouldn't stop counting. I wonder what she's up to now?..", "Smoking cigarettes is a great way to commit suicide if you're a procrastinator.", "Orphans are unrelatable. ", "You know you watch too much porn when you go to a hospital expecting a blowjob.", "What do you call a closet full of lesbians? A lick her cabinet.", "I just got gas for $1.39 today at lunch! Gotta love Taco Bell.", "Synthetic fertilizer should be called \u201csham poo\u201d ", "There are more planes in the ocean than there are submarines in the sky. ", "It's been reported recently that 75% of all accidental injuries occur in the home... finally, some good news for the homeless! ", "Why are ghosts so bad at lying? Because you can see right through them.", "Is it just me or are circles pointless? ", "Every cigarette you stick up your butthole takes 7 years off your marriage. ", "My friend drowned in a bowl of muesli. He was pulled in by a strong currant.", "Depression is the weirdest stripper name. Then again I have heard that depression sucks. [deleted]", "I entered a masturbating competition today, hope I can pull it off. This is a repost", "College prepares you for real life right away. It puts you in debt. ", "A Freudian architect is an architect with an Edifice complex ", "Two sausages in a frying pan; one says, \"Blimey, it's hot in here,\" and the other replies, \"ARGH! A TALKING SAUSAGE!!\" ", "How many SEO experts does it take to change a lightbulb? lightbulbs buy light bulbs neon lights sex porn", "Welcome to Androgynous FM... ", "Historical Revisionism has been around for as long as I say it has. ", "G/f left a note on the fridge. \"It's not working. Can't take it anymore.\" Opened the fridge and the light came on. What the hell did she mean?", "I've fallen in love. Were the last words I heard from my wife as she went overboard.", "I think it is time I tell you what people are saying behind your back...! Nice Butt.", "I'm not superstitious, but I heard if you say something it might become true. [deleted]", "If you're ever trapped under the snow, try not to panic... just sit there and chill. ", "What's the difference between a well dressed man on a tricycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle? A tire.", "My friend Jay recently had twin girls and wanted to name them after him, so I suggested Kaye and Elle. ", "For valentines day: love is like a fart, if you have to force it it's probably crap. ", "Watching a blonde with lipstick on her forehead, she must be making up hermind.", "If moths like light so much, why don't they just come out during the day?", "Eating ass is an acquired taste. ", "Even though I've been married for five years I still can't help thinking about the one that got away. My wife's ex. What a lucky bastard.", "A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then asks you not to kill him.", "How do you make an archaeolgist mad? Give him a bloody tampon and ask him what period its from.", "What's a foot long, made of leather and sounds like a sneeze? A shoe", "Every guy gets a crush on his teacher. It's normal. But wasn't Oedipus homeschooled?", "What is a pirate's favourite letter of the alphabet? None. Historians have suggested that most pirates would have been illiterate.", "I was talking to my mate earlier when I thought to myself, \"Why on earth are you called Earlier?\"", "Does this XXXXL shirt make me look fat?", "For work, I am preparing a five hour speech on the counter productive cost of time wasting. ", "I just got a map of Italy tattooed on my chest. Now I\u2019ve got sore Naples. - Tim Vine ", "My teacher threw sodium chloride at me ... that's a salt. ", "Last night I accidentally saw the woman who lives next door masturbating naked on her bed. I was so shocked I fell out of the tree.", "Bartenders are intoxicating people. ", "My new job as a taxidermist is pretty boring.. All I do is sit around and stuff.", "Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.", "Marking tests of underachieving students is really degrading... ", "Wearing a mask over a beard, looks a lot like a ladies underwear commercial from 1972' ", "Justice is- A rapist who gets an erectile dysfunction ", "How do you make Anti-freeze? Hide her blankets.", "Two blondes were driving to Disneyland and the exit sign reads: DISNEYLAND LEFT. They started crying and headed home.", "The Nintendo 64 turned 18 last month, which means you can now legally blow the cartridges", "I have the flu with a hoarse voice, and with my huge beard, I guess you could ask me why the long face? ", "May the 4th be with you.", "I get kicks from knowing a shoe salesman. ", "My dad told me to stop using such high calibre rounds when we were out hunting. As usual, it went in one deer and out the other.", "Q. Where do you find a one legged dog?\nA. Where you left it.", "What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip.", "If I have to work for an idiot, I might as well work for myself.", "If you wait for a waiter in a restaurant, arent you a waiter ? ", "I accidentally started a fire in a crowded theatre. Unfortunately, I couldn't tell anyone. ", "Still can't believe my mate died last week. He overdosed on Viagra. His wife took it really hard.", "What do you call a sick eagle? Illegal.", "Frankenstein entered his creation into a bodybuilding contest and soon realised that he had completely misunderstood the concept. ", "I'll never assume I won't do something. ", "I never expected to be so delighted when the thief stole my lamp ", "'Allahu Akbar!' is the Arabic equivalent of 'YOLO!' [deleted]", "That awkward moment between life and death ", "I like to do one liners cause an 8 ball is to much cocain ", "Nipple, that's the point. ", "What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand? Quatro Cinco", "If a person overdosed and died, they were stoned to death. ", "I suffered from postnatal depression to the age of three ", "Titanic 3D is out. You guys think they'll see the iceberg this time?", "I am the emporer of hyperbole. ", "My 9 year old My 9 year old was having trouble understanding Roman numerals so I Xplained them", "Whiteboards are remarkable...", "You are like a brick floating in space. Forever going in the wrong direction. ", "The golfer had to buy a new pair of socks, because he had a hole in one. ", "A warning to the person who stole my glasses, I have contacts. ", "There\u2019s a party in my pants. And urine\u2026vited. ", "Hear about the baby with AIDS?  It never gets old", "I don't know if your father is alive or dead cuz I don't know anything about him ", "I wonder if the guy who coined the phrase 'One Hit Wonder' coined any other phrases. ", "I had an accident in the upholstery factory, but it's okay. I'm fully recovered now. ", "An acorn is just a tree in a nutshell. ", "My sister bet me $100 I couldn\u2019t build a working car out of spaghetti and you should have seen the look on her face as I drove pasta. ", "This summer I almost drowned in a pool - it was a breath taking experience. ", "I didn't know which hammer to get my dad, but I think I nailed it. ", "Let's put an end to unfinished manuscripts. ", "What do you call twin policemen? Copies. ", "I've always wondered If someone has actually LMAO'd.", "Don't you hate it when people answer their own questions? I do.", "If it weren't for court dates, I wouldn't have any dates at all. ", "A great pun is its own reword. [deleted]", "The temperature went from 70 to 30 like it saw a state trooper. ", "Why do scuba divers fall backwards out of boats? If they fell forwards they would still be in the boat. ", "I know I should just get over it, but my fears about cannibals are eating me alive and making my blood boil. ", "Netflix and chill is when the movie you're not watching ends and there isn't a dry thigh left in the house. ", "I had a threesome with a scalene and an isosceles. It was a love triangle.", "I hate living where I do. I used to think 55 degrees is cold now I think 18 degrees is warm.", "The first rule for those with a bad memory: 1)", "Kilt is what happened to the last person who called it a skirt. ", "Pedophiles never win races; they like to come in a little behind. ", "I have been doing lines of Pepsi ", "When someone tells me to stop acting like a flamingo, that\u2019s when I put my foot down. ", "What did the writer say when he glued himself to his book? That's my story and I'm sticking to it. ", "I use to miss my wife but my aim improved. ", "With my runny nose and high temperature, I made sure to shake everyone's hands in the doctors' waiting room, because, it's how I make friends and influenza people. ", "Learning how to use a clutch really grinds my gears. ", "When I was 6 I got coal from Santa. The next year I decided to get back at him and poison the cookies. The bastard found out and killed my dad", "I'm having a hard time to spell batterryy. I'm not sure if it has double t, r or y. But I'm pretty sure that some batterryy has AA AAA AAAA. ", "Not only am I redundant and superfluous, but I also tend to use more words than necessary.", "What did the bad plant say to the good plant? I've turned over a new leaf.", "I once asked a pretty homeless woman If I could take her home. She said yes, but you shoulda seen her face when I took her box!", "I thought it would be fun for my girlfriend and I to experiment with a chastity belt - total anticlimax. ", "Die in debt, lots of debt, it\u2019s the only way you get to take your money with you. ", "Opinions have assholes, too. ", "A Chandler fan is called a chandelier ", "After I had wiskey with my water last night, I had three dogs agreeing with my mama that I shouldn't have come. ", "Is it possible to mistake schizophrenia for telepathy? I hear you ask. ", "Fre\u0435-\u041enline-D\u0430ting [removed]", "My neighbors listen to good music, whether they like it or not. ", "Self cannibalism is a big me steak ", "Any grapes in the audience? -Meh, they're usually a quiet bunch [removed]", "If you want my opinion you'll have to ask my wife for it.", "What's green and fuzzy and if it fell out of a tree would kill you? A snooker table.", "I hate when I'm standing there trying to be handsome when some other guy comes and stands next to me and challenges my handsomeness.", "A dairy cow that doesn't produce milk is utterly useless. ", "I recycle a ton of stuff per year if you count washing my dishes and clothes ", "\"Bringing home the bacon\" is something a muslim man would never do. ", "Just got pulled over for driving in the carpool lane, this cops gonna look like an \ud835\ude10\ud835\ude25\ud835\ude2a\ud835\ude30\ud835\ude35 when I open the trunk. ", "Recently I was at a store walking down the flash drives and hard drives section, I have to say, it was quite a walk down the memory lane. ", "I'm currently writing a mystery novel. Or am I?", "Breakups are the hardest in China, you see her face everywhere. ", "Money isnt happiness. Spending it is!", "Having used his webs to stick the criminals feet to the ground, Spider-Man informed the police and left the scene. \"Well,\" said the criminal, \"I'm a sitting duck\" ", "A magician was driving down the street, but then he turned into a parking lot. ", "Two fortune tellers meet on the street and one says to the other, \"You're fine, how am I?\" ", "After my role model poked my eye out, I couldn't look at him the same way again. ", "Two silk worms had a race. It ended in a tie.", "I've just hired a hot 19 year-old Swedish girl with massive tits to babysit my kids. Now where the fuck do I get some kids from?.", "I wrote a song about a tortilla. Well actually, it\u2019s more of a wrap. ", "Using the elevator was uplifting at first, but then it let me down. ", "The first rule of Thesaurus Club is you don't talk about, mention, speak of, discuss or chat about Thesaurus Club. ", "I had a dream last night where I was driving with one hand and flipping pancakes with the other, man, I was tossing and turning all night. ", "If I wanted to know about MLK I would have axed you! ", "I keep meaning to tell my wife about my ED, but it just never comes up. ", "I was in Ferguson, got jumped by 5 black guys. It started right up, they said I just need to replace the battery.", "If dialing someone with your butt is called butt dialing, would dialing them facetime, be called butt facing? [deleted]", "I keep all of my clothes in my dresser...except my feminine clothes, which i keep in my cross-dresser. [deleted]", "Either they're doing construction in my apt building or the lesbian couple downstairs are having the time of their lives. ", "Got out of my car today and noticed I had a flat tire but luckily it was only flat on the bottom... ", "A wife is like a hand grenade. Remove the ring, and your house is gone.", "It\u2019s going to be awkward if Mr. and Mrs. Burr ever lose their son Tim in a forest. ", "How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for fresh prints.", "To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office. I will find you. You have my Word. ", "Chandeliers?... Eh, not a fan ", "I used to be Jesus until somebody scared the bejesus out of me. ", "The UPS guy was fired for joking around at work... boss said he had to work on his delivery ", "Maybe paper straws aren't as good as plastic straws, but I'm gonna need you to stop complaining and suck it up. ", "I got a massive pump in the gym today; and someone, somewhere, has a flat tyre. [deleted]", "I like my wine like I like my women: white, fifteen years old and locked in the cellar. ", "I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who's mad at me for saying that.", "I never once said I liked to suck someone\u2019s feet because they\u2019re a always a foot in my mouth.. ", "Why don't oysters give to charity? Cos they're shellfish.", "The sperm clinic discharged me. What a relief. ", "If Abraham Lincoln was alive today, he'd be desperately clawing the lid of his coffin. ", "Verbs are always intense. ", "\"Here's champagne to our real friends, and real pain to our sham friends.\" ", "Did you hear about the Mexican train hijacker? They say he had loco motives.", "I'm very fortunate that I do what I love at my job, although if my boss ever finds out I'm screwed. ", "Did you hear how JFK died? Mind blown. ", "When I was a boy, I had a disease that required me to eat dirt three times a day in order to survive... It's a good thing my older brother told me about it ", "Main: what a guys number one girl is. He fails to tell her about the others.", "I'm usually cool as a cucumber, but I can get a bit salty when I find myself in a pickle. &amp;#x200B;", "What is the capital of Greece? About \u00a310", "My ex made sure that I would never forget that forgetting my wedding anniversary was the second dumbest thing I ever did. ", "Did you hear about the goth kid with dyslexia? He sold his soul to Santa.", "Dual meaning It's hard to tell good banjo joke\nIt's all in the deliverance", "Me: \"Doctor! Doctor! I feel like a pack of cards!\" Dr: \"Sit down and I'll deal with you later\"", "Sir you can't bring that wad of cash on the plane cuz you could pay the guards to let you hijack it [deleted]", "I don't use toilet paper. I use hindkerchifs.", "I found out today both my wife and my girlfriend are cheating on me [deleted]", "I told my boss I work well under pressure cuz I'm so good at hiding the bodies of people who put too much pressure on me ", "I couldn't stay awake at work. I kept falling asleep and dreaming I was the Michelin man. I was very tyred.", "Intimacy like an hourglass, with the orgasms filling up as the testicles empties. ", "Paddy on a 1st Aid Course Instructor asks: \"What do you do if your child swallowed the front door key?\". Paddy: \"Climb through the window!\".", "Sometimes I put my head between my legs and lean forward. That's just how I roll.", "What do you call a man with no arms or legs in water? Bob. What do you call a man swimming in water with no arms or legs? Clever Dick", "Take my advice... I'm not using it ", "If the world is a stage, I want to be the one operating the trap door.", "Hi my name is Avoid Completely. Danger is my middle name.", "I always feel so motivated after I restock my battery drawer [removed]", "When I was given the shadow-boxing trophy, I beat the air. ", "Alcohol never solves any problems.\n\nBut then again, neither does milk.", "Don't judge a book by its cover. Judge it by its opening line. ", "On my recent visit to the seaside I spent ages trying to figure out how to use the arcade machine. Then the penny dropped.", "I walked down a street where the houses were numbered 64K, 128K, 256K, 512K and 1MB. That was a trip down memory lane.", "What's the worst part about two black guys going over a cliff in a van? They were my friends.", "Who is Plagiarism and why is he in all my essays? ", "Wanted to be a farmer at one time, but it turned out to be the wrong field for me.", "Morticians have to be careful to spell the name right to avoid making a grave mistake. ", "My band member was up in arms after being made to crowd surf. ", "Why is there only one Monopoly and Mergers Regulator? ", "Never trust a thin chef or a fat zookeeper. ", "\"Doctor Doctor, I keep thinking I'm a cat.\" \"Oh really, how long have you felt like this?\"\"Ever since I was a kitten.\"", "The only reason sex takes longer than to stick it in once is the penis evolved to be too stupid to know if its stuck in a hot woman vs some other hole ", "Will I have an open casket at my funeral? Remains to be seen.", "I was gonna tell you a time travel joke but you didn't like it. ", "It's bad luck to be superstitious. ", "What do you call a group of confused Spanish speaking racists? The \u00bfQu\u00e9 Qu\u00e9 Qu\u00e9?", "She's a lot like train tracks, she's been laid across the country. ", "Here comes that guy that can balance on one of those long sticks used to play pool... right on cue.", "I keep asking the people at my job what \"NSFW\" stands for, but none of them will tell me. ", "There's no such thing as nonexistence.", "Patient: 'Doctor, I can't stop singing Sexbomb, sexbomb.' Doctor: \"you've got Tom Jones disease.\" Patient: 'is it common?' Doctor: \"It's not unusual.\"", "I have seen many thieves in my life but this one takes the cake. ", "My scouse mate has just got his kids a trampoline and a few bikes for Xmas. I asked him which website he saw them on. He replied Google Earth", "My Nan has found a lump in each of her breasts. Turns out it was just her knees.", "Migraines are all in your head. ", "Sodomy can be a pain in the ass. ", "Netflix is raising rates again; Man, whoever's password I'm using has got to be pissed! ", "My wife walked out on me after I blew our life savings on a penis extension..She said she just couldn't take it any longer.", "Why did the guy have Ben Franklin tattooed on his penis? His girlfriend was great at blowing 100 bucks.", "I got kicked out of my local record store after enquiring about a Coldplay song. I only went looking for Trouble.", "Ur mother ", "I went to the store to buy 6 cans of Sprite. Got to check-out and realized I picked 7up", "My Mrs has been told she'll have to lose weight if she wants to become pregnant.I told her.", "I went to an Alabama strip club cause I heard they give great family discounts ", "I knew you had a low IQ because you took one of those Facebook test to tell you your IQ. ", "What do aliens use for currency? Starbucks ", "Did you hear about the photographer that got locked in his darkroom? He died of exposure. It was not a pretty picture.", "Knock! Knock!\nWho's there?\nAch.\nAch who?\nBless you.", "One Bear.(That's the bear minimum)", "Auctioneers are forbidden. ", "whenever i hear a song about \"live for today, don't worry about tomorrow\" i call bullshit right away because why did they record it then? ", "Parents put so much pressure on their kids, that they end up with crack. ", "I can tell if a train has driven by, just by looking at it\u2019s tracks. ", "So what do you know about dwarfs then? Very little.", "I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio.", "Do magazines really have to add \"Alive\" to \"Sexiest Woman\", or am I just grossly underestimating the number of necrophiliacs in the world? ", "I got a date, with destiny, and it aint gunna end with a kiss. ", "I checked my receipt and I didn't buy any of your lies. ", "Stevie Wonder got a cheese grater for his birthday and he said it was the scariest book he'd ever read. ", "Just changed my ringtone to a busy signal. Why haven't I thought of this before?", "Wanna hear a joke about paper? Nevermind, it's tearable!  ", "Someone very close to me died the other day. Luckily the bus wasn't full so I just changed seats.", "Renewable energy. I'm a big fan.", "Do you know when you are in hospital, your friends ask: Hi, how are you dear?\nBut your best friends ask: Hey buddy, how is the nurse?", "A cynic is someone who...eh, but who isn't! ", "Vacuum cleaner sucks ", "My mate David has his ID stolen so now I call him Dav ", "I want to be challenged mentally at work, not made to feel mentally challenged. ", "I have a black belt and argyle socks. ", "With great power comes great electricity bills. ", "Another product that I can't believe is not butter, is butter. ", "So sick of my best mate laughing at my virginity.. After joking about it for the 100th time..I finally lost it with him!", "The Dalai Lama must find it impossible to email memes, because he does not have any attachments. [deleted]", "To get over my one true love, it's gonna take a real special woman, or, a bunch of regular ones. ", "How do you make a hot dog stand? Steal its chair.", "I got angry and called my friend a pencil case; he had some colourful words to say to me. ", "The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait. ", "For breakfast, the thesaurus ate a synonym roll. ", "pollution has reduced so much that i can now see my nonexistent gf as well ", "Scientists have finally discovered exactly how much sleep a human needs......Just 5 minutes more!! ", "If you're having a bad day, just remember that someone has to clean the bathroom at Taco Bell.", "Does this rag smell like chloroform to you? ", "A priest walks into a hotel and says \"I hope the porn is disabled.\" The front desk guy replies \"It's just regular porn you sick fuck.\"", "I just wrote a really awesome song about a fajita. Well it's more of a wrap really.", "If number 666 is evil, then 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil.", "I asked my wife to act like a \"naughty school girl\". She forged a note from her mother saying she didn't have to participate.", "Bumper Sticker: Keep honking, I'm reloading.", "Everyday is leg day when you're running from your problems. ", "What do you call the first Irish woman ever created? The McRib.", "Be patient in line, even a toilet can only handle one asshole at a time. ", "Me and the wife decided to make our own sex tape. She was pissed off though when I started holding auditions for her part.", "Am I missing a trick or are magicians overrated? ", "Doggy-style, now that is a position I can get behind! ", "Why is there so much pressure to spend Independence Day with other people? ", "Want to hear a joke about paper? Nevermind it's tearable. ", "lI was wondering why frisbees got bigger as they got closer then it hit me.", "For Halloween this year I think I'm gonna go around to all the hospices and retirement homes and put up cemetery wallpaper.", "Turn your regular sofa into a sofa bed, by forgetting your wife's birthday. ", "There was a sick frog sitting on a log, and without warning he croaked. ", "Belgian Waffles are my alter Eggo ", "do dad jokes become daddy jokes in the bedroom? ", "Driving is like sex; Everybody thinks they are good at it. ", "my friend threw a coca cola at my head and said i was coke-cocked upside the head. ", "A glow worm is never glum because how can you be grumpy when the sun shines out your bum? ", "Mothers everywhere want their children to give peas a chance. ", "I bought a new thesaurus today. It's okay I suppose, nothing to write house about.", "My friend's selling a load of broken yo-yos, no strings attached. ", "Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get.", "I crashed my brother's old car in the morning since I could not see anything without the Day Time-running Lights ", "Earning a living wage isn\u2019t easy with disabilities. I\u2019m friends with a dwarf struggling to put food on the table. ", "A child is the opposite of a condom. ", "One out of ten dentists agree that nine of them are sellouts. ", "My neighbour has at last forgiven me for flashing my bum at her. She's over the moon.", "I think men would be extinct if women didn't have chocolate available.", "Have you heard about the new super sensitive condoms? They hang around after the man leaves and talk to the woman.", "I was wondering why the ball was getting bigger and then it hit me. ", "I love my alarm clock. It's the reason I get up in the morning.", "How do you make a squirrel cry? Grab it's nuts.", "Stevie Wonder I don\u2019t see why Stevie Wonder was such a good artist.", "Why is it important to have plenty of help when changing a light bulb? Many hands make light work.", "Man gives woman a huge diamond then she sexes him then he robs the diamond back then she says rape ", "Health insurance and homeowner's insurance are the same thing to a Turtle.", "What does it take to please an Amish woman? Two Mennonite.", "My doctor asked if I drink to excess. I told him I'll drink to anything.", "Not sure if your Vietnamese girlfriend or boyfriend is related to you... you just might have a Nguyen-Nguyen situation", "I bieforie e iexcept aftier c. ", "The problem with arguing with yourself is that you are not sure which side should walk away. ", "I start everyday with a sit up. I've done nearly 10,000 so far.", "Living in a glass house would be a huge pane. ", "People call my upstairs area full of prosthetic hearing devices strange or bizarre, but I prefer Ear Attic. ", "I was kicked out of a Hallmark in Vegas for counting cards. [deleted]", "If I lift a pack of Coca-Cola over my head all day every day, that would be soda pressing. ", "In movies, there's always that one exhausted guy who has to work around the clock. ", "The best angle to approach a problem is from the tryangle. ", "I was going to quit all my bad habits for the new year, but then I remembered that nobody likes a quitter.", "Besides logging companies, who could get sycamore trees? ", "As I looked into her eyes I felt my knees go weak and my stomach turned to butterflies. That's when I realized I'd drugged the wrong glass.", "The Mexican got horny so now Juanita pussy out ", "I always thought revenge is a dish best served cold, then I found out it means getting back at somebody. ", "Waited in line for hours outside the club last night whilst the doorman checked ID's. He was taking ages.", "My wife's a mortician, from the day we met, I knew I had to cadaver. [deleted]", "How do you make a hormone? Don't pay her. ", "Nowadays Lance isn't a very common name, but in the Medieval times people were named Lancelot. ", "After complaints about its bright lights, our local Chinese restaurant has agreed to Dim Sum.", "I do a ton of sit-ups every morning. That snooze button really gets a hammering.", "Did you hear about the apartment building that got blown up? Roomers were flying around.", "Disney now owns Star Wars, Marvel, Indiana Jones, Disney World and the Simpsons, so if they acquire my parent\u2019s divorce, they will own my entire childhood. ", "Single ply toilet paper is so bad I won't even wipe my ass with it. ", "A fly landed on my wife's make-up It then  landed on me. I guess you could say there was a pretty fly on a white guy.", "\"No pain, no gain\" is a terrible motto for a dentist. ", "Bad Hitler puns are inf\u00fchreriating. ", "I clean my ass with Colgate because it gives me a ring of confidence. ", "My doctor told me to eat more Taco Bell today. Technically he said, 'Less McDonald's' but I'm pretty sure I knew what he meant.", "Lionel Messi goes up girl in a club and says \"Get your coat, you've pulled\" she replies \"Wow, you're a little forward\"", "Conspiracies are a shill, they were made up by the government. ", "The biggest downside to being short is that you can't always tell the difference between strep throat and hemorrhoids. ", "Paddy and Mick go to London to donate sperm. It was a disaster! Paddy missed the tube and Mick came on the bus!", "I tarded once but didn't like it so Im not gonna retard ", "I've just started up a dating site for chickens, I mean, it's not my main job, I'm just doing it to make hens meet. ", "When asked to sign a document a doctor pulled a rectal thermometer out of his pocket, \"damn it!\" ", "The frustrated cannibal threw up his hands.", "My new years resolution is to remember...umm...", "My reality check bounced.", "Looking into becoming a hitman, I heard those people make a killing.", "A man walks into bar... [deleted]", "I hate being bi-polar it\u2019s amazing. ", "Respect women [deleted]", "One reason I don\u2019t drink is that I want to know when I am having a good time.", "I'm drawing a blank. I don't know which pen to use. ", "\"A father is someone who carries pictures where his money used to be.\"", "/ ", "Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.", "Rick Astley asked if he could borrow my Pixar films? \"Ok\" I said. \"Here's Toy Story, Cars and Finding Nemo but I'm never gonna give you Up\"", "Of all the terrorists, suicide bombers are the most invested. [deleted]", "Reddit wants to deprecate CSS functionality, which the entire site is dependent on for subreddit themes and customisation. Oneliners is /r/ProCSS! ", "My therapist told me my narcissism causes me to misread social situations, but I\u2019m pretty sure she was hitting on me. ", "Our Brazilian housekeeper is rubbish at making the beds. She's very tidy downstairs though.", "I don't know whats more awkward. answering Dora, or sitting in silence as she stares at you.", "i took a power nap once, now i can read minds ", "We are neck deep up shit creek with our mouths wide open ", "There's a rat in every separation. Credit to my Latin (language) teacher.", "My dad has the heart of a lion. Plus a lifetime ban from the zoo. ", "I was at a cash machine when an old lady came up to me and asked to check her balance.So I pushed her over.", "Sometimes I wake up grumpy; Other times I let him sleep.", "Walking out of the hardware store with some washers I thought, \u201cah nuts, I forgot something again!\u201d ", "How many (Generals/Politicians) does it take to change a light bulb? 1,000,001. One to change the bulb and 1,000,000 to rebuild civilizationto the point where they need light bulbs again.", "I didn't realize it was time to wake up, until it dawned on me. ", "The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us.", "Butterflies just aren't what they used to be.", "Who knows, maybe global warming gets solved by causing a nuclear winter. ", "I was kicked out of the hospital, because apparently the sign \"stoke patients here\" means something entirely different. ", "The problem with kleptomaniacs is that they always take things literally. ", "I've been waiting all day for the hearing aid repairman to return my call. I haven't heard anything yet! ", "Two men fighting in a restaurant. One threw a prawn cocktail at the other and said. \"That's just for starters\"", "If Youtube would only allow videos in 1080p or higher from next year on, it would be truly a new year's resolution. ", "Ive just fallen through the roof of a French bakery. I'm in a world of pain.\ud83e\udd56\ud83e\udd50 ", "Trying to cook noodles with the powers of the mind isn\u2019t just silly, it\u2019s also impastable. ", "When I was born I was so surprised I didn\u2019t talk for a year and a half.", "My new year's revolution is to go around the sun one time. ", "I wonder how climate change will affect my seasonal depression. ", "There was a pregnant pause in the conversation, but it was much shorter than nine months. ", "2 Flies arguing on a toilet seat... one got pissed off \ud83d\ude24 ", "Transaudio [deleted]", "My dog is talented, he taught himself to say his own name. Woof.", "If you don't appeeciate bathroom humor, urine for a bad time. [deleted]", "Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because seven was a six offender.", "To Err is Human, to Arrr is Pirate!", "If I was an astronaut, I'd end every relationship with \"Look, I just need space\". ", "Always writing my name in cursive is my signature move. ", "Jump scares do nothing for me, but that's to be expected. ", "Of course people tell you to be on the path of Good, imagine the traffic jam on the path of Evil? ", "My boss hates it when I shorten his name to Dick mostly because his name is Steve. ", "I was given a leaflet the other day on anger management. I lost it.", "Why is peter pan always flying? He neverlands. I like this joke because it never grows old.", "I was caught in the middle of a riot involving over 100 naked men. It was completely nuts. ", "I took an umbrella to a baby shower. ", "I gave my girlfriend blood today, I know it's not a great Valentine's gift , but it came from the heart.", "Vietnamese men looking only for hookups are Phokboys. ", "When you cross Captain America with the Incredible Hulk, you get a star-spangled Banner. ", "Did you hear about the girl who was dating the guy with the wooden leg? She broke it off ", "Is there such thing as a free gift? Aren't all gifts free?", "Why do fish live in salt water? Because pepper makes them sneeze.", "Native Americans hate snow because it's white and settles on their land. ", "Breaking and entering is illegal but breaking to escape is ok ", "I want to open a bar with a dance studio inside and call it the Tap Room. ", "Instant shampoo - just add water! ", "Walk into the building like whaddup I got a oh no I'm so sorry wrong building please continue with your funeral God bless", "My younger brother was named after my fatherA bit confusing when your brother is named 'Dad' though.", "I walked into the boss's office and handed him a pear. He asked,Whats this for? A pay rise.My wife told me to grow it first and then ask u", "\"I stand corrected,\" said the man in the orthopedic shoes. ", "I thought I'd lost my dog in London at the weekend. Turns out he was just outside Barking.", "There's a gas pump icon on my car's dash that notifies me whenever my bank account is almost empty.", "If you want to make gold soup, just put 24 carrots in it. ", "Wookie meat can be Chewie. ", "Today I realized that On Line Dating is just OLD. And since I'm that way also, one would think the two would go together.", "Don't believe adverbs, most of them are a ly. ", "I refused to believe I needed an organ transplant, but I had a change of heart. ", "The evening news is when they begin with \"Good evening\" then proceed to tell you why it isn't. ", "What did the cannibal get when he was late for dinner? The cold shoulder.", "If a soft drink machine is outside during sub freezing weather, it becomes a drink warmer. ", "Smaller babies may be delivered by stork, but the heavier ones need a crane. ", "In the movie \"Hook\", Tinkerbell came out as a big \"Pan\"-sexual. True story.", "The man who invented Chinese whispers has died. Pass it on...", "The doctor told us that my father hadn't made it, but it was the undertaker that really put the nail in the coffin. ", "My wallet is so fat it's uncomfortable to sit. #richpeopleproblems", "i'd tell you a joke about my lightbulb, but its kinda screwed up.. probably not a bright idea either ", "Gotta hand it to a blind hooker. ", "I've decided to kill off a few characters in this book I'm writing. It's going to be a very interesting autobiography. ", "\"Nothing is really lost until your mom can't find it.\"", "Why did Michael Jackson love to shop at Sears? He heard little boy's pants were half off. ", "All trail mix is is deconstructed candy bars.", "I told my son to stop playing Russian roulette, but you know how it is with kids, in one ear, out the other. ", "What do you call a gay drive-by? A fruit roll-up", "Domestic violence really hits close to home. ", "I get my large circumference from too much pi. ", "What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say about the baritone? It's not a tuba.", "My friend\u2019s bakery caught fire and burned to the ground last night, now his business is toast. ", "All dads are motherfuckers. ", "I intend to live forever or die trying!", "Chevrolegs: The kind of vehicle you own when you can't afford a car. \n\nYour feet.", "8000|}~ \u20ac Collogues Appreciate You Adding Cute Caterpillar '.txt Art' Into their email signatures #txtart #suprisesig ", "No matter how much you push the envelope it'll still be stationary. ", "I have a few jokes about my unemployed friends, but unfortunately none of them work. ", "If you're arrested on April Fool's Day, they should give you more than one phone call.", "'War Crimes' [deleted]", "Cocaine isn't all it's cracked up to be. ", "I don't understand carbon dating...I mean, who wants to have dinner in a coal mine? ", "Why do midgets make bad parents? Cause they struggle to put food on the table", "How do you change a baby? Easy, you just swap it with one in the nursery. ", "Advice to ice skaters: You can't always tell a brook by its cover.", "I've got a friend with one eye bigger than the other; his name's Iain. [deleted]", "Why did the hipster go kayaking in a tributary? Rivers are too mainstream. ", "I'm going on a blind date tonight. I hope our dogs get on.", "Wrapping presents is easy you get your paper scissors/tape. Then you get a pitiful, helpless look on your faceand someone will do it for you", "What does a turtle and a pedophile have in common? They both want to get there before the hare does.", "If time makes the heart grow fonder then where is my dad? ", "What begins with T, ends with T, and has T in it? A teapot.", "Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic? He didn't believe in Dog.", "A headache is just your brain trying to comprehend its own stupidity.", "My grandfather was ill so the Doctor told us to try covering him with lard..He went downhill pretty quickly after that.", "I asked my friend a question while he was eating an orange, but all I got was a pithy response. ", "I had a dream I had a dream but I didn't remember it and I did remember it ", "Everyone thinks they are unique until they have to create a username. ", "if you pretend to be a terrorist with blood dripping from your machinegun you're really good at halloween ", "I kicked \"8\" and it became infinitely large I hope it don't reach under my table", "Why can't Jesus eat a cheeseburger? Because he's dead.", "What's so good about an Ethiopian blow job? You just know she'll swallow.", "Why did the phone wear glasses? He lost his contacts.", "Disney named The Little Mermaid Ariel because they didn't want to shell out the cash for Helvetica. ", "Give a man a fire, and he is warm for the rest of the day. Set a man on fire, and he is warm for the rest of his life.", "Thought I could hear onions in the fridge singing beegees songs... Turned out it was the chives talking", "Teach a man with Alzheimer's to fish, and he'll eat for a day. ", "What does a house wear?......... Address ", "How can you tell the Indians were here in America first? They had reservations.", "Heard Apple was making a new iPod Touch model targeting a younger audience. I don't think the ' iTouch Kids ' is gonna be a big success.", "What do you get when you cross a genius with a hooker? A fucking know it all!", "What's grey and comes by the gallon? Elephants.", "The credit card is paying me back for loaning them money in the future ", "Velcro, never buying again. Absolute rip off ", "I asked my girlfriend if she thought my erotic courtroom role-playing idea was weird and she said 'You be the judge.' [deleted]", "Make communism the greatest again ", "Sharpies sell so well because they are so mark-it-able. ", "Prince Charles finally got coronated ", "The guy who stole my Diary died today, my thoughts are with his family. ", "I live life like how I type. Fast with a lot of mistakes that I'm too lazy to fix.", "Someone stole my toilet; I was so mad I lost my shit ", "I'm not always smart, but when I am, it's not often ", "when students must memorize more than think they have a preacher not a teacher ", "if the median IQ is 100, that means half the people are under 100 by definition. ", "People who believe god can move faster than light, what equal-and-opposite-force hits him just before he does? ", "My girlfriend thinks I have a gambling addiction. She hasn't said anything, but I bet that's what she's thinking.", "I tested positive for optimism. ", "I misplaced Dwayne Johnson\u2019s origami scissors. I can\u2019t believe I lost the Rock\u2019s Paper Scissors. ", "Geologists rock. ", "\"If women ruled the world,\" said my wife, \"there'd be no wars.\" \"That's true,\" I replied. \"Wars require strategy and logic.\"", "I like my coffee like I like my women... black and bitter. I like my coffee like I like my women, ~~light and sweet~~ black and bitter.", "Words that rhyme with common are uncommon... ", "1. Remember the human...his name is Finn. ", "If anyone ever tells you they've lost their voice, They're lying.", "Men don't care what's on TV. They only care what else is on TV.", "I've got all it takes to be complacent. ", "Watch Kelly Slater teach J.K Rowling in an all new Season of 'SURF N' TERF!' ", "Shoutout to people who you don\u2019t want in your house anymore. ", "I finally told my girlfriend that \"I Love Her\". She text backing saying \"I luv u2\". I was gutted, I thought what does Bono have that I don't", "Is it 'I will RUN through a camping site'? Or 'I will RAN through a camping site'? (Cos it's past tents)", "We once had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope and Steve Jobs.  Now we have no Cash, no Hope and no Jobs. Please don't let Kevin Bacon die!", "when life gives you lemons, you probably just found lemons ", "Got the wife a prosthetic leg for Christmas. It's not her main present, just a stocking filler.", "What do you get when you combine a comedian and a whorehouse? A BROFL.", "My dad always used to say to me that the best part of fighting is the make-up sex, which probably explains his short-lived career as a boxer. ", "I may not be able to celebrate Valentines Day, but at least I have Palm Sunday to look forward to. ", "I got caught stealing a bottle of Viagra...I was given a stiff sentence. ", "I was going to tell a finance joke, but then again, it would bear no interest to you. ", "A goose grows up, while growing down. ", "What's the difference between Sara Palin's mouth and her vagina? Only one retarded thing came out of her vagina.", "My dad couldn\u2019t quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually it came back to him. ", "Why do old men have such bad language? They do \"cross\" words.", "Better than a...  - Poke in the eye \n - Kick in the shin\n - Slap in the face with a wet fish\n\nAny others?", "Dating bridge builders will lead to truss issues.", "What's the difference between Santa Claus and a jew? Santa goes down the chimney", "Who decided to call it a pearl necklace and not a chestnut? ", "The wife thinks it's cruel we've started testing our new products on rabbits. She's got a point, I suppose. I work in a hammer factory", "Why did the leper fail his driving test? He left his foot on the brake.", "What has four legs and goes boo? A cow with a cold.", "having colon cancer is such a pain in the ass ", "Do hot blondes get pop-ups saying, \"A 37 yr old ugly virgin from Solihull wants to have sex with you\"?", "An old person with really good hearing is deaf defying. ", "When I was young I used to pray for a bike, then I realized that God doesn't work that way, so I stole a bike and prayed for forgiveness.", "What's the difference between a dog and a fox? About 9 pints", "Damn, celebs can go from being A-list to not on Z-list real fast ", "Necrophiliacs are just really late pedophiles ", "I like to lead by bad example.", "Try mixing Viagra and Prozac, so even if you don\u2019t get a fuck, you won\u2019t give a fuck. ", "What's the difference between a hooker and a wife? One's contract, the other is pay-as-you-go.", "Magic and Alchemy became boring after we started calling them Physics and Chemistry. ", "My friend drowned, and at the funeral, we got him flowers in the shape of a life vest. It's what he would have wanted.", "Be careful not to ask a wizard to make you a sandwich! ", "I had a fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over them ", "When I die bury me upside down so my enemies can kiss my ass! ", "The blind have a bumpy road ahead of them ", "I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day. ", "I've got a feeling my emotional side isn't dead after all. ", "Knock, Knock. Who's There? Boo. Boo Who? No need to cry it's just a joke", "If your mother were stuck in a gingerbread house, would you eat her out? ", "For a taco emergency, call 9-Juan-Juan. ", "I didn't like my beard at first but then it grew on me.", "A Rabbi walks into a bar mitzvah ", "I have two different grammar teachers teaching conflicting things and sometimes I don't know whom to believe. [deleted]", "Skinny jeans are like a cheap hotel, there's no ballroom. ", "WHY DO MORONS ONLY GO TO MOVIES IN GROUPS OF 17 OR MORE? BECAUSE THE SIGN OUTSIDE STATES \" UNDER SEVENTEEN NOT ADMITED! \"", "I've just invented a new word:\"Plagiarism\".", "I just saw a great documentary about how ships are kept together. It was riveting!", "@women: If it\u2019s too cold, get back in the kitchen. [removed]", "This day is pregnant with possibilities, but I just found out they're not mine.", "Girlfriend: \"I'm sick of you pretending you're a detective. I think we should split up.\"\nMe: \"Good idea. We can cover more ground that way.\"", "A common thing between you and your peepee ......\n.....\n.......\n......\n.......\nYou're both nuts.", "I spilled barbecue sauce on my foot. Now mosquitoes are on my mesquite toes. ", "It's the little things that count. That's why I'm hosting a math class for midgets.", "Why does Ariel from the Little Mermaid wear seashells? Because the B-shells won't fit.", "I bought a resistance band for exercise and am already having trouble with the drummer ", "I've started taking steps to cure my alcoholism. It hasn't worked, I've just got loads of angry window cleaners after me.", "A march for obesity might be the first march in history to actually cure something. ", "I'm not growing a mo' for Movember... Guess what I'm growing for Dickcember... ", "I thought I\u2019d keep growing after high school, but I came up short. ", "What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!", "I could tell the gift was from Iggy Azalea, because of the bad wrapping ", "What is Santa's favourite pizza?One that's deep pan, crisp and even.", "Why did 10 die? Because he was in the middle of 9/11", "What happens to a grape when an elephant sits on it? It lets out a little whine.", "I was talking to a North African girl in her native language and, man, we just clicked. ", "I\u2019m so White, I don\u2019t see color. ", "I'm amazed swearing isn't a part of Driver's Ed.", "My math professor staples Burger King applications to failed tests.", "When I feel like life is going too fast, I go to the DMV.", "I tried to start a fight club but I wasn\u2019t allowed to talk about it so nobody came ", "I bought two shoes for the price of one. ", "Just walked past a sign that read, \"This fire door is alarmed\", so I give it a little rub and told it everything is going to be ok. ", "I DIDN'T invent Fog Remover just to clear the air. [deleted]", "What's the difference between a hockey player and a hippy chick? A hockey player showers after 3 periods.", "Loaded a racing game, first thing I did was crash the computer. ", "I saw a homeless guy and gave him $1...I saw a homeless woman and gave her $0.77c ", "It doesn't take much to leave an impression on me. All you gotta do is press kinda hard. ", "How many sound technicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? One two, One two", "Do you think if I charged my phone less it would do the same?", "The happier Asian's get, the less they can see.", "Who ever says \"words can't hurt you\" has never been hit in the face with a dictionary.", "I can't imagine anything more painful than watching childbirth ", "I used to work at a company run by midgets, but I quit because my paycheck was always short. ", "Cleavage is like the sun. You can look, but don\u2019t stare.. Unless you\u2019re wearing sunglasses. ", "I had a guy message me saying, \" you, are stunning\" I replied, \"yes, and straight too.\"", "I'm no Shaman, but if I want it to rain, I just leave the top of my Jeep overnight. ", "God made Adam first because he didn't need any advice. ", "How doe's a Yorkshire man say \"it isn't in the tin?\" \"Tin tin tin\".", "I was in bed with a blind girl and she said that I had the biggest penis she had ever laid her hands on. I said, \"You're pulling my leg.\"", "Why did the Mexican push his wife off the cliff? Tequila!", "When people ask why I'm still single. I tell them I'm single by choice. Unfortunately, it's not my choice.", "The other day I hurt myself with a Razor... I fell off my scooter ", "The people at the Playtex tampon company are always stuck up cunts. ", "I really wanted to excel at basketball, above all else. ", "I'll never forget what Grandma said before she kicked the bucket. She said \"Look how far I can kick this bucket\".", "I named my dog 8 miles so I can tell people that I walk 8 miles every single day. ", "I went to the zoo to watch the monkeys wanking and then went to the elephants and I was still wanking. ", "Did you hear about the elephant with diarrhea? It's all over town.", "This is my step ladder...I...I...I never knew my real ladder. ", "Access into any social media account (Your Job done first) [removed]", "Old lawyers never die; they just lose their appeal. ", "My phone has a better health insurance than I do. \ud83d\udcf1 ", "\"I went to do a gig at a superhero event but unfortunately there was already a comicon\" ", "'Age is just a number'. Nonsense! It's quite clearly a word!", "I Was Kidnapped By Mimes They did unspeakable things.", "Going to mcdonalds for a Salad is like going to a hooker for a hug.", "Did you see that Sargento Cheese is going to stop selling shredded cheese? They're trying to make America grate again", "I couldn't watch the twins perform in the big tops because it was two in tents. ", "A waiter walks up to a table full of Jewish women dining and asks \"ladies, is anything ok?\"", "My life insurance rates went up, and it almost gave me a heart attack. [deleted]", "A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other. ", "Hemorrhoids are a pain in the ass. ", "Guests, like fish, begin to smell after three days.", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Old lady. Old lady who? Wow I didn't know you could yodel.", "Who will take the second shot in the pub snooker game? We'll find out after the break.", "I\u2019m writing a book called, \u201cStop Over-Reacting!\u201d and if no-one buys it, I\u2019m going to kill myself. ", "Many clouds look like animals, but the sheep is the only animal that looks like a cloud. ", "Hickory Dickory Dock. Two mice ran up the clock. The clock struck one and the other got through with only minor injuries.", "I'm a Science Justice Warrior! Defending a topic on science against a friend.", "I never go to funerals. I'm just not a mourning person.", "I always call out my wife's name during sex. Just to make sure she's not around.", "I saw on the news that a guy got 8 horses stuck up his butt. Doctors say he's in stable condition. [deleted]", "I! WAS! JUST! DIAGNOSED! with bipolar disorder. ", "Astronomers got tired of watching the moon go round the earth for 24 hours.So they decided to call it a day.", "I turned my microwave into a fire oven, and all I used was one small piece of metal. [deleted]", "Been on hard times since spending my savings on Viagra. ", "A New Years resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other. ", "I had a dream I was a muffler last night. Woke up exhausted.", "I\u2019m starting an outreach program for people with poor flexibility ", "Ever since I had kids my car tunes are now cartoons. ", "If the world is just a figment of my imagination then I\u2019ve invented a lot of cool shit and I should be a billionaire. ", "I think shooting for the stars is a waste of ammunition.", "The invention of the shovel was groundbreaking.", "I thought becoming a real estate agent would be easy, but I had a lot to learn. ", "Why not try being minimalist, I mean, it's the least you can do... ", "My flights are always cheap because all my baggage is emotional ", "My neighbour's a renowned abductor; there's a sign outside his house that says: \"Trespassing Permitted\". [deleted]", "VIAGRA....It won't make you James Bond, but it will make you Roger Moore. ", "I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not sure. ", "I got drunk for a month one night. ", "I wish I didnt just step in dog shit, and the genie granted my wish, and thats why you never saw the shit and my shoe is so clean look at it ", "I've got an obsession with cats. My girlfriend is kicking meeeeowwwt.", "Call me bigoted if you like, but I'd rather have a Swedish blow up doll than an Islamic one. ", "Give me ambiguity or give me something else.", "How many people from New Jersey does it take to change a light bulb? Three. One to change the light bulb, one to be a witness, and the third to shoot the witness.", "Whoever put the \"b\" in subtle was, well, yeah. ", "Good pays off later. Evil pays off now. ", "It's never enough apple juice, until it is ", "Yo Momma is so stupid she spent all day saying 'am not' to R2", "I never knew true happiness until I got married...then it was too late.", "My wife said Demi Levato got engaged and her rock was huge, and I asked if she was talking about her ring or... ", "I've just seen the new Batman trailer. I prefer the Batmobile.", "I'm green. I use iPhone apps in my iPad to save pixels.", "I had a row with my boss yesterday at lunchtime which is just one of the perks of working near a lake. ", "How do you find Will Smith in the winter time? follow the Fresh Prints! ", "What do you call a woman covered in grass. Lawna", "Do prostitutes in the South give family discounts? [OC]\n\nalso note - I'm American and talking about America's south, which has an incest stereotype. ", "Why did the cyclops quit teaching? He had only one pupil.", "What kind of bees produce milk? Boo-bees.", "Why do all these people with laser hair want to get it removed?", "I just stole a guys wallet and he chased me for almost three miles. I gave him a good run for his money.", "If I found a box of magic tricks, that would be a Loki day. ", "Amy Schumer is hilarious. ", "Statistically bearded men are more likely to cheat on their partners than bearded women. ", "Is someone who eats too much gluten a gluten glutton? ", "Woman who wear expensive perfume don't have common scents. ", "My girlfriend just told me she's really randy.. Devastated to find out she's actually a bloke.", "I wanted to wear something holy to church last week, so I wore my fishnet shirt. ", "I just pulled a Christmas cracker,erm.. There's a joke in there somewhere.", "The trouble with jogging is that by the time you realize you're not in shape for it, it's too far to walk back.", "What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef jerky", "I'm not saying my wife's fat, but I struggle to lift her photograph.", "Evening news is where they begin with \u2018Good evening\u2019, and then proceed to tell you why it isn't. ", "Why do orphans play tennis? Cause it's the only love they can get.", "Sean Connery is 84 Roger Moore is 87 Pierce Brosnan is 61 Daniel Craig is 47. Ooh yeah.. I'm really into Bond age.", "The phrase \"I've come into my own\" always seems to end a bit prematurely to me. ", "The doctor gave me 6 months to live. I told him I couldn't pay my bill, he gave me another 6 months ", "I went to the library and asked if they had any books on kittens. The librarian replied \"No sorry, all of our books are on shelves\".", "What do you call a man with no arms or legs lying by front of the door? Matt", "My boyfriend has just got a job as a light switch engineer. Its really turned me on.", "Teachers know when you are texting. I mean, are you really looking at your crotch and smiling?", "What musical group is Jesus most afraid of? Nine Inch Nails", "All gas is laughing gas if your on the right side of the door ", "Learning sign language can be a pretty handy skill. ", "Why are 9/11 victims the best readers? They can go through 94 stories in seconds!", "I once got offered $50 and some sweets to be the poster child for anti-pedophilia, I couldn't resist. ", "I lost my job as a stage designer and I left without making a scene. ", "Brain food is very different to cannibals. [deleted]", "My friend's dad has just got a new pacemaker. He's a little Kenyan lad who runs ten metres in front of him.", "I would lose weight, but I don't like losing. ", "I loved sliding until I hit rock bottom ", "\"He shoots! He scores!\" has never made any sense to me, because in my world, I need to score before I can shoot. ", "I married Miss Right, but I didn't know her first name was Always. ", "Please cancel my subscription to your issues. ", "Someone asked me if I smoke after Sex, I simply replied, \"I dunno, I've never looked.\" ", "Blood Pressure If high blood pressure is the silent killer, why does my doctor shout at me about it every visit?", "My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage, so I took that as a compliment. ", "To whoever invented the zero..Thanks for nothing.", "What do Iron man and Sarah Palin have in common? They both had a little Downey inside of them.", "All countries eventually got coronavirus, but China got it right off the bat ", "Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity. ", "If you get caught stealing in Iran, the police take your fingerprints and you don't get them back. ", "Heading towards waterfalls is a current problem. ", "I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.", "I wish ebola broccoli and cheese soup could be transmitted through the air. ", "My girlfriend is pi\u00f1ata. I dont think things are gonna work out cause guys keep hitting on her.", "Why do pencils shave? To look sharp.", "Why did the blonde starve to death? Her new phone came with a little packet in the box that said, \"Do not eat.\"", "I started walking around without shoes and it quickly became a hobbit. ", "I\u2019ve been off my OCD meds for 6 months, 4 days, 7 hours and 19 minutes ", "I watched a documentary on how ships are held together that was just riveting! ", "\u202aNever date a pilot because your relationship will always be up in the air. \u202c ", "When u tryna be cheesy but everyone around u is laughtose intolerant.", "Say what you want about deaf people [deleted]", "Why can't you trust atoms? Because they make up everything.", "Period ends a sentence as well as pregnancy speculation. ", "Marriage isn't a word; it's a sentence. ", "If I had a penny for every time someone gave me their dog to look after. I'd have a pound.", "A termite walks into a bar and says, \"Is the bartender here?\" ", "My apathy is at an all time whatever.", "To some, marriage is just a word; to others, it's a sentence.", "What do you tell a woman with two black eyes? Nothing, you already told her twice!", "What's green and got wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels. ", "When it comes to studying boxing, I\u2019m hitting the books. ", "If one door closes and another one opens, your house is probably haunted. ", "My chapstick is so cool, it's the balm! ", "If you don\u2019t believe in human perseverance you clearly haven\u2019t seen a smoker trying to use a broken lighter. ", "To whoever stole my AC: you can keep it, I hear it\u2019s hot where you\u2019re going. ", "I took a test to see if I had a kidney stone. I passed it. ", "A man walks into a bar wearing a tie fastener. The barman says, \"Sorry, we don't like your tie-pin here.\"", "I'm great at multitasking. I can waste time, be unproductive and procrastinate all at once.", "I tried suing someone for stealing my basketball...but it got thrown out of court. ", "What's the deal with valentine's day , it's only a date ", "A grocers has no right to complain about sampling grapes when they keep putting seeded in the unseeded bags/section. ", "I switched careers and became a mime and I can't tell you how much happier I am! ", "They called me mad, but when this virus thing started I cornered the market in FloBees! ", "Every damn baby kangaroo is named Joey. ", "I wanted to have sex with my girlfriend, but she was on her period. So I had to pull some strings.", "I may not be the sharpest tool in the shed, but that's only because I work the hardest ", "I've never disabled my cookies, but this one time I bit the legs off of a gingerbread man. ", "To paraphrase Otto von Bismarck, nobody wants to know how the sausage is measured. ", "Opportunity once knocked..but you don't want to know what it left.", "The bar is so low that Satan serves drinks at it ", "I don't know why I bought this new coconut shampoo. I haven't even got any coconuts.", "A cinema based religion would say \"I find your lack of faith disturbing\" to unbelievers ", "What did the dad say to his son before he got in the car? 'Son. Get in the car?' [deleted]", "Being dead is something everyone's gotta try at least once. ", "My agent told me to give it a couple years, but he'd make me an overnight success.", "What do you call a Mexican with no car? Joaquin.", "Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.", "Last night, I gave my wife an orgasm, and she spat it back in my face. ", "I can tell that my skincare jokes have made you cry because of how moisturiser.", "Imagine being a tennis ball - people applauding because you got hit really hard. ", "I'm thinking of reasons to move to Switzerland, and the flag is a big plus. ", "I bought one size fits all underwear, it only fit 3 people! [deleted]", "I wanted to see the geysers, but I'm not good in high pressure situations ", "Last night the bedroom was cold, so I laid down next to the wood-stove and slept like a log. ", "Yoga pants dont make yoga any easier And wearing a wife beater doesnt make her listen any better", "If the Titanic REALLY hit an iceberg, why are there no pieces of iceberg around the wreckage? ", "I hit my wife in the face with a chocolate bar from 60 feet away. I've studied aerodynamics.", "It only takes one football match to light up a stadium. ", "A plateau is the highest form of flattery. ", "Why did the guitarist go to jail? For fingering A minor", "\u0627\u0644\u0634\u0631\u0643\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0645\u0627\u0631\u0627\u062a\u064a\u0629 \u0644\u0646\u0642 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0641\u0634 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0627\u062b\u0627\u062b http://uae-move.blogspot.com.eg/ [removed]", "Best career advice... Become a contortionist. They're flexible. ", "Harry heard that most accidents happen within two miles of home. So he moved...", "Just heard Taco Bell is gonna start selling alcohol, will your combo come with a diaper? ", "My friend told me a race war was starting, but I'm a pacifist and I had to leave the country so I just told her I'd be white black. ", "Two inmates escaped from prison, one is 6'9 the other is 3'4. Police are hunting high and low.", "A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.", "Nickleback music isn't as bad as it sounds. Stolen from Mark Twain, who made the quip about Wagner.", "Where do hippos go to school? The Hippocampus ", "How to use online dating and how to create a master online profile https://youtu.be/OXCAZ9b2b0Q", "The study of ancient symbols will lead you to rune. ", "Lawyers sometimes tell the truth. They'll do anything to win a case.", "I really appreciated my African zoology class because I then knew new gnu facts. ", "Drive carefully. 90% of people are accidents.", "I used to play poker with an origami master, but every hand he folded. ", "Did you hear about the blind circumciser? He got the sack!", "If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question?", "A dog may well be a man's best friend, but a cat will never tell the police where your marijuana is. ", "I struggle with my laziness. I'm like, \"should I sit down and do nothing or lie down and do nothing?\"", "Am I allowed to ask questions? ", "At first, me and my friends shook our fists at the idea of circle-jerking, but eventually we came around. ", "I don\u2019t know if I should make a joke about gambling. It\u2019s risky, but I\u2019ll take a chance. [deleted]", "What do you call a Frenchman that's been attacked by a bear? Claude ", "Deja Poo... The stinking feeling you\u2019ve heard this poop before. [deleted]", "Think about how much deeper the ocean would be if there were no sponges growing in it. ", "If a pig loses its voice does it become disgruntled? ", "Frenchmen. Now that's a paradox. [removed]", "Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set him on fire and he's warm for the rest of his life. ", "Please show your support of dyslexics and TR this.", "What do you call a large bloke with four faces and eight hands? Big Ben.", "A chiropractor is a lumbar jack. ", "raid 4 robux [https://discord.gg/v7QaVUA](https://discord.gg/v7QaVUA)\n\nenjoy. please raid these apes. 4chan was down for posting I guess.", "So two fish are in a tank and one turns to the other and says, \"How do you drive this thing?\"", "An engineering student learned about vacuums in class. It sucked. ", "Is it tomato or tomato,  how about potato or potato?", "The best thing about surprise Hitler puns is that you do Nazi them coming. [deleted]", "The procrastination club's meeting has been postponed. ", "What do fat women get for Valentine's day? Depressed.", "I wanted to make some butter in a short amount of time, but it took an echurnity. ", "Thinking about becoming a Civil War reenactor, probably going with Team Cap. ", "Mexican jokes and black jokes are pretty much the same. Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal.", "Simba: Dad, what's the Super Bowl? Mufasa: No idea, we're lions.", "I usually charge for my chimney jokes but this one's on the house ", "I tried to play football in a STD clinic and the only thing I caught was Gonorrhea. ", "My sister asked me if I wanted to wind her new born baby? I thought that's a bit harsh so I just gave him a dead leg instead.", "Why did the introduction and the conclusion break up? Because they were never on the same page", "Fish celebrate Christmas by hanging reefs on the door. ", "I really didn't want to go to the Harry Houdini party, but there was no getting out of it. ", "Why did the mechanic sleep under the car? He wanted to get up oily in the morning.", "Stupidity's cause hasn't been advanced much by its many martyrs", "If a group of people circled one person and coughed on them it would be the first wukake ", "I bet my butcher $50 that he couldn't reach the meat on the top shelf. He said \"No, the steaks are too high\".", "Shit just got real! ", "Two wrongs don't make a right, but two wrights did make an airplane. ", "Why does a milking stool only have three legs? Because the cow has the udder.", "A Roman walks into a bar, holds up 2 fingers, and gets 5 drinks. ", "GAP: Clearance! [deleted]", "I stayed up all night wondering where the sun had gone. Then it dawned on me.", "What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced.", "An optometrist fell into a lens grinder and made a spectacle of himself. ", "Say \"poo\" and your mouth does the same motion as your anus. The exact same can be said for \"violent explosive diarrhoea\"", "Rivers be dammed! ", "Yesterday a clown held a door open for me, I thought it was a nice Jester.", "Just changed my Facebook name to 'No one' so when I see stupid posts, I can click like and it will say 'No one likes this'. ", "I shot a man with a paintball gun just to watch him dye ", "A few people hated the one-foot king but most loved their ruler. ", "You're so pretty it makes me want to masturbate (instead of sex with you) ", "I'm in a heavy metal band. I play lead..", "If I had my druthers I'd know what a \"druther\" is. ", "A guy walks into a bar and it hurts. ", "If adult diapers are called 'Depends', then baby diapers should be called 'Definitely'.", "I woke up last night convinced there was a monster under my bed, but it was just a can of Red Bull... ", "Max told his friend he didn't want to go for a hike in the hills.  \"I'm an anti-climb Max.\"", "Hemorrhoids - what a bloody pain in the arse! ", "Sorry I'm poor, I can't afford to pay attention.", "theres dangerous animals around us all, with brains much smarter than monkeys ", "My friend hates comedians that tell bad breast-related jokes - he bosom off stage. ", "I found an old unframed oil painting in my loft yesterday of a beautiful naked lady so I mounted it. ", "So a baby seal walks into a club... ", "So I was steering a boat with my stomach muscles. Abseiling", "Why don't chickens wear undies? Because their peckers are on their faces.", "My wife said she found a mauled dogs toy, but I'm not sure how she knows the owner is a mauled dog. ", "Nothing teaches patience like burning the roof of your mouth ", "I think it's cool how shoes grow on power lines in poor neighborhoods ", "Nobody knew that the organisers of Roland-Garros supported nudists, but now it's all out in the open. ", "When the dung beetle was shoved into the ground, it really ate shit ", "If Shakespeare cooked breakfast, he'd make a hamlet. ", "9/11 Jokes are just plane wrong, and Nazi jokes aren't funny, Ann frankly I am quite offended by them.", "... [deleted]", "I just love the F5 key on my keyboard. It's so refreshing.", "I'm really bad at programing, in fact I got a C++ [deleted]", "Jared Fogle of Subway started and ended his career the same way. Trying to get into smaller pants.", "After I lost a fortune on women, booze and gambling, I spent the rest foolishly. ", "I was terrible at spelling when I was at school. Brilliant at jografy though.", "I don't go to The doctors because they Insist their profession is called a practice.", "Gravity really wears me down. [deleted]", "One might even call Mecca the Mecca of Islam ", "I'm so bald, you can see what's on my mind. ", "I wonder what 'etymology' used to mean. ", "Affirmative action is yes action, what youd expect from a yes man ", "King Filipe VI is quarantined to his jet. Madrid news reports the reign of Spain stays mainly on the plane. ", "I was at an ATM and this old lady asked me to help check her balance. So I pushed her over.", "What are the pros and cons of wearing two watches? On one hand, you have a watch, but on the other hand, you have a watch.", "March the 4th be with you. ", "How can you tell my parents are abusive? Beats me", "My Grand-Brother thinks incest is so awesome that he gave it 4 thumbs up. ", "I know they say there's plenty of fish in the sea, but honey you're swimming in the shallow pool. ", "Adam and Eve were the first people not to have read Apples terms and conditions.\ud83c\udf4e ", "Deforestation in Jamaica has affected tree people. ", "Maybe we should tone it down a notch. The neighbours changed the name of their wifi network to;\"We can hear you having sex\".", "My dentist gave me a cavity search, and after that he started looking for stuff in my butt. ", "Secks; it\u2019s been so long, I\u2019m lucky I can still spell it ", "A farmer in the field with his cows counted 196 of them, but when he rounded them up he had 200.", "The Tasmanian Devil has a tattoo of me on his arm ", "Whoever stole my antidepressants, I hope you're happy. ", "How do we know Christ wasn't born in Italy? There are no virgins and they couldn't find three wise men.", "I MUSTACHE you a question, but I'll SHAVE it for later.", "brownies are melt-in-the-mouth delicious but girl guides are more filling ", "When you try to make an impression, the chances are *that* is the impression you will make. [removed]", "If big elephants have big trunks, do small elephants have suitcases?", "Remember, no Russian ", "My friend asked me if I wanted to go to a nudist colony with him later. I said \"I've got nothing on, I might as well\"", "I bought the Amityville house but it got repossessed. ", "At least when you are 60 things you buy now won't wear out. ", "Ever since 9/11, the firemen have been getting all the pussy... [deleted]", "Yo mama is so nasty I called her to say hello, and she ended up giving me an ear infection.", "What do you get when you pour scalding water down a rabbit hole? Hot cross bunnies.", "being single being single is awesome until you start missing sex.", "I wonder if Jesus was a bit cross about his execution. It must have been riveting.", "What are the four words you don't want to hear while making love? \"Honey, I'm home!\"", "Innuendo, an Italian suppository.", "Jim Jones had very impressive punchlines ", "I saw a judge enter the food court and I didn't know I should stand up or not ", "MISSING: Palindromic number ", "She was only a prostitute. But she had the nicest face I ever came across. From master comedian G. Carlin.", "they called him the king of the dentists because he specialized in crowns ", "My wife and I were happy for twenty years...then we met ", "Want to save money on car insurance? Flee the scene!", "My wife asked me to get some pills to help me get an erection, so I bought her some diet pills. ", "Every new McDonald's creates 40 new jobs. 20 dentists and 20 heart surgeons. ", "My bank balance is sick, I hope it gets better soon!", "Most people are shocked when they find out how incompetent I am as an electrician. ", "\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a isn't the worst punchline I've seen ", "I used to have a job crushing cans. It was soda pressing.", "I'm not afraid of dying; my whole life has been leading up to this. ", "Borrow money from a pessimist, they don't expect it back.", "What do you call a monkey in a minefield? A baboom.", "What: A taunt used by gangsters.", "Does anyone know if Trump will be tried as an adult? ", "I have a very open mind, people tell me they can feel a breeze when they sit next to me.", "The Ballad of Richard Nixon is stuck in my head. ", "In little league my position used to be Left Out. ", "Life is like a box of chocolates. It doesn\u2019t last long if you\u2019re fat. ", "If a dentist makes his money off people with unhealthy teeth, why should I trust a toothpaste that 4 out of 5 dentists recommend? ", "My boss said \"You're the worst fucking train driver ever. How many trains have you derailed to date?\" I replied \"It's hard to keep track.\"", "I am as high on the smart scale as a trippin-balls stoner is on the high scale. [deleted]", "There are lots of ups and down of being an elevator technitian ", "I ate at a restaurant called Karma even though it had no menus, because we just ate what we deserved. ", "I didn't know the first thing about BDSM until one day I found someone willing to show me the ropes. ", "I did a gig in a fertility clinic, I got a standing ovulation. ", "I usually meet my girlfriend at 12:59 because I like that one-to-one time. [deleted]", "You never truly understand something unless you can explain it to your grandmother.", "What do you call a nose with no body? Nobody nose. ", "Every single morning I get hit by the same bike, man, it\u2019s a vicious cycle. ", "I like to have a champagne toast and tap glasses together because my fetish is being klinky. ", "I was playing rugby the other day and thought I'd scored a goal. But everyone just said nice try.", "What did the scarf say to the hat? You go on ahead. I'll hang around", "I've been held back in math class more times than I can count ", "I was gonna tell a joke about a roof, but it would probably go over peoples heads.", "If 14th March was truly a Pi Day, then it would never end.", "I read that the first sign of AIDS is a severe pounding in the Rectum. ", "Just got banned from BandQ, some dickhead in an orange apron came up to me and asked if I wanted decking! Lucky I got the first punch in.", "What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi? People in Dubai don't like the Flintstones but people in Abu Dhabi doooooo.", "What happens if you get scared half to death twice?", "I gave a cook birthday beets ", "As a kid, I was made to walk the plank, because we couldn\u2019t afford a dog. ", "I suspect that my knitting wife is texting other men, but unfortunately she has several pins on her phone. ", "when life gives you lemons,\nmake grape juice,\nthen sit back,\nand let the world wonder how you did it.", "A rock is an atheist, doesnt believe in god cuz it doesnt believe anything ", "Socialism jokes are only funny if everybody gets them. ", "My dad said he cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that he may have greater problem. [deleted]", "I would tell you an antimatter joke ,but it doesn't matter. ", "As the dog sat watching the orchestra, he stared at the conductor and thought, \"Just throw the fucking thing!\" ", "DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE NEW BAGHDAD ROCK GROUP? NO KIDS ON THE BLOCK.", "I walked into the living room today and the wife had a box of Daz on top of the T.V.. I asked her why, she replied \"there's was no Ariel\".", "The only difference between your job and your wife is that after 5 years, your job will still suck. ", "I almost forgot to update my status that I'd been to the gym. What a waste of a workout that would have been!", "Anorexics must be starving for attention ", "My Dad was behind bars for twenty years. Heck of a bartender he was.", "I don\u2019t know what shams are, but I think it\u2019s weird that we put their poo in our hair. ", "I supplied filofaxes to the Mafia. Yeah, I was involved in very organised crime.", "I used to be a banker, but I lost interest. ", "Peter Pan was the first to be shadowbanned ", "I just ordered a chicken and an egg off Amazon. I'll let you know...", "In a thousand years, archaeologists will dig up tanning beds and think we fried people for punishment.", "Do special ed teachers mark late students as tardy?", "1f u c4n r34d 7h15, u r34lly n33d 2 g37 4 l1f3.", "I asked the librarian if they had a book about Shr\u00f6dinger's cat, but she wasn't sure if they did or not. ", "Messy apartment buildings are a complex issue. ", "Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.", "I'd give my left arm to be ambidextrous ", "When the past comes knocking, don't answer. It has nothing new to tell you. ", "Went to a butchers to play poker last week. Left after an hour, the steaks were too high.", "I love taking pictures of myself standing next to boiling water and my doctor says I've got selfie steam issues. ", "Just found out that the captain of the Mayflower was April Showers. ", "I'm thinking of opening a sperm bank and calling it, \"Get a Load of This Guy.\" ", "What did Sean Connery say when a book fell on his head? \"I have only my shelf to blame\"", "I tell women my penis is a foot-long but leave out the part about it being a baby's foot. ", "Frozen sculptures look quite good, icy pose.", "For the first time since 1945, the Scripps National Spelling Bee has been cancil...cancul...cancel... Called off. ", "I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting larger. Then it hit me. ", "I'm a bit of a man for the ladies regardless of how well the gents is signposted. ", "What do you get when you combine a joke and a rhetorical question? [deleted]", "My girlfriend thinks I'm too nosy, well she didn't say it, but I read it in her diary.", "I went to a seafood disco the other night... [deleted]", "I hate when I lose my white friends in the snow", "My dead girlfriend just keeps giving me a cold shoulder ", "What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass.", "My friend bought the most expensive iPhone. Guess he had an XS amount of money. ", "Tonight is Open Mike Night at my local autopsy club. ", "I\u2019m a comedian with irritable bowel syndrome\u2026 It\u2019s shits and giggles ", "It was a real wake-up call when I heard from the concierge at my hotel. ", "My girlfriend gouged my eyes out, I couldn't see why. ", "What are two things you can never have for Breakfast? Lunch and Dinner.", "A birdie told me I'm getting better at golf.", "Why did the baker have dirty hands? Because he kneaded a poo.", "Why didn't Mr. Clean's wife ever get pregnant? He comes in a bottle.", "A women was in love with fourteen soldiers, it platoonic.", "Just been given a job as Senior Director of Old McDonald's farm..... I am their new CIEIO. ", "Would 100 rabbits lined up single file and marching backwards qualify as a receding hare line? ", "Today I broke my personal record of consecutive days alive!", "Before he got married Boas was the most ruthless man in the bible. ", "A politician is someone who will double cross that bridge when they come to it. ", "I went to a dyslexic rave last night. I took three F's.", "What do you get when you cross a kangaroo with a mink. A fur coat with pockets.", "War determines who is left, not who is right.", "I just love the smell of Grandma's cooking. So I set fire to an old peoples home.", "grant your love to everyone so they can take it for granted ", "My friend had amnesia and couldn\u2019t remember how to walk up the stairs, so I had to go back and teach him step by step. ", "Did you hear about the cannibal that passed his brother in the jungle? ", "Mary and Joseph. Now they had a stable relationship.", "My girlfriend went to the beauty parlor and asked for the look of a rock star They gave her a shot of heroine.", "I just got this huge painting of Trent Reznor, but the only way it would stay up was to use nine inch nails. ", "I used to like chicken more than beef, but that was hen and this is cow. ", "Never go to a doctors whose office plants have died.", "I wonder if the Arachnophobia Hotline has a web site. ", "The whole world should be worried that North Korea has a missile that can hit New York, because if it can make it there, it can make it anywhere. ", "I'd rather  have a dry sense of humor than slobber everywhere .", "Put a coat on that cow, it's Friesian! ", " I discovered I scream the same way whether I\u2019m about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.", "Doors tell the best knock knock jokes. ", "It's May Day, but I don't see any sinking ships.", "An eye for an I will make the whole world blnd ", "Got into a fight at the bar last night, it all started when some guy hit me back. ", "There was a prison break and I saw a midget climb the fence. As he jumped down he sneered at me. I thought, well thats a little condescending.", "\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14 Is today the tomorrow about which you told me yesterday ", "I thought about teaching a class on self-sabotage but I\u2019d probably just mess it up. ", "My driving instructor told me to wear a seatbelt or the force could throw me out of the car. I can't believe he thinks Star Wars is real.", "I just took the 6 o'clock Birmingham train. The people from the train company were furious and made me give it back.", "I'm giving away my roof for free It's on the house!", "Vampires can't see themselves in a mirror, so how come their hair is always so perfect?", "If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a linking verb is.", "My wife broke up with me recently because I'm a compulsive gambler. But I intend to win her back.", "Never judge a song by its cover. [deleted]", "When a painter gets cold he puts on another coat. ", "2 for the price of 1 each so normal price but you have to buy 2 ", "If my wife was eye candy, she'd be raisinets [deleted]", "I lost a very close friend and drinking partner last week. He got his finger caught in a wedding ring.", "Does refusing to go to the gym count as resistance training? ", "Was driving down the motorway yesterday in a hearse. Police pulled me over for undertaking.", "Here\u2019s some advice: At a job interview, tell them you\u2019re willing to give 110 percent. Unless the job is a statistician. ", "I've just finished filling my tank with petrol.. Now all my goldfish are dead.", "The dismissive sea captain was sailing at quite the rate of nots. ", "What do you call a man with 3 eyes? Seymour", "One of the girls in the office where I work is having a baby, I just haven't decided which one yet. ", "My new razor just isn't cutting it. ", "Amateurs wait for inspiration. The rest of us just get up and go to work.", "I've finally come to accept I'm dyslexic and I'll always be dyslexic. A Leotard can't change its spots.", "Politics: the fastest way to piss of anybody and get enemies.", "How does a Jewish mother change a light bulb? \"No, that's all right. I'll just sit here in the dark.\"", "If Snoop Dogg dies before pot becomes legal in the US, he'll be rolling in his grave. ", "The young couple next door to me have just made their first sex tape but obviously they don't know that yet. ", "I keep a baseball bat under the bed just in case someone breaks in and pitches a ball to me.", "My wife laughed when I told her I was going to make a car out of spaghetti. She soon shut up when I drove pasta.", "I struggled to lift a bottle of water earlier.. It was an Evian.", "I organized a threesome last night. There were a couple of no-shows, but I still had a great time.", "I tried to learn how to make yogurt, but it's all Greek to me. ", "What\u2019s the difference between a bad joke and a good joke timing ", "To get revenge on a Mexican steal his anxiety medication for Hispanic attacks. ", "Whoever decided to call it anal bleaching instead of changing your ringtone really missed out on an opportunity.", "What do you guys think of message boards? I'm all forum. ", "Irregardless of what others think, misused words are annoying. ", "My waitress threw sodium chloride at me. She was arrested and charged with a salt.", "My Dad used to say 'always fight fire with fire', which is probably why he got thrown out of the fire brigade. -Peter Kay", "My ex girlfriend was a fart cos she blew me away ", "Boss: \"How good are you at PowerPoint?\" Me: \"I Excel at it.\" Boss: \"Was that Microsoft Office pun?\" Me: \"Word.\"", "I was going to clean the basement but then realized... it was beneath me. ", "A magician was walking down the street and turned into a grocery store. ", "Do marijuana dispensaries get chaotic during Black Friday? ", "I don't like furniture ads...they're just shameless shelf-promotion. ", "I see through your evil plan to make all solids transparent! ", "The energy drinks in my shop weren't selling well, until I put them all on the bottom shelf. ", "If you replace the \"W\" in What, Where and When, with a \"T\" you answer the question. ", "I was going to make a joke about Thailand, but Phuket. ", "What's green and climbs walls? An overly ambitious cucumber.", "She ran after the garbage truck, yelling, \"Am I too late for the garbage?\" Following her down the street I yelled, \"No, jump in!\"", "Is a crazy horse unstable? ", "The first time I heard about Instagram I thought it was a drug delivery service. ", "Anger is a condition in which the tongue works faster than the mind.", "Today, I decided to see the good in everyone I meet. And to make sure I could do it, I didn't leave the house.", "Two Women Sitting in a Room Quietly. .", "I like my mixed metaphors till the cow turns blue. ", "People say 60 is the new 40...the cop that pulled me over this morning disagreed.", "Bifocals are God\u2019s way of saying, \u201cKeep your chin up.\u201d ", "Tailgating probably isn't my favourite topic in the world, but it's not far behind. ", "Navy seals are the seals that work with the navy. ", "My son has just come home with a settee and two chairs. I'm fuming! I've told him not to accept suites from strangers!", "The biggest downside to being short is that I can't always tell whether I have strep throat, or if my hemorrhoids are acting up. ", "My favorite part of 1917 was that one shot ", "Never play games with a cheetah. ", "I have two conflicting grammar teachers and sometimes I don't know whom to believe. ", "A pirate who wants to stay healthy takes Vitamin \"Sea\".", "I have mirrors all over my house. Sometimes I just need to reflect. ", "The last 60 winners of the Miss Universe pageant have been from earth...I'm beginning to think it's fixed ", "What do the donkeys in Blackpool get for their lunch? A half hour the same as everyone else.", "What do you get if you cross a traffic warden with a dog? A barking ticket.", "I'm in a band called Duvet. [deleted]", "If a bear shits in the woods, does a hipster run up and confirmed it happened? ", "Antennas Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married.\nThe ceremony wasn\u2019t much, but the reception was excellent!", "What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking? Slow down and consider lube.", "She said \"I think it's bigger than it looks\". I said \"That's what she said too\". ", "Photographers are very mean. First they frame you, then they shoot you, then hang you on the wall. ", "We need more research on substandard data collection. ", "Booze - it's what's for dinner. ", "I went to a sex addicts meeting, but nobody there gave a fuck. ", "It's accrual world, but I'm willing to invest in you ", "What did the Zombie plumber cry? DRAAAAAINS. ", "A face tattoo is actually the ultimate display of wealth, as it represents never having to work another real job for the rest of your life. ", "A computer beat me at chess once... but it was no match for me at kick boxing.", "Of course I can keep secrets. It\u2019s the people I tell them to that can\u2019t keep them.", "I saw an ad that said \u201cpersonal trainer\u2019s hate this app!\u201d so I downloaded it and it was just a bunch of videos of really sweaty guys, not wiping down gym equipment ", "What do you call a cross dressing dinosaur? Trannysauras Rex", "I offered to give up my seat to a lady, but apparently chivalry is not appreciated in ladies restrooms. Who knew? ", "A burp is just a fart that took the elevator.", "Never call your band \"Free\" because nobody will buy your CDs. [deleted]", "A boy goes to a strip club. His mom gets angry and asks him: Did you see anything there that you weren't supposed to see?\n\nBoy: Yes, dad!", "I've always found it interesting you can commit armed robbery without arms... or pants. ", "Cannibals aren't really being nice to you, they're just trying to butter you up. ", "I'm holding out for Alexa to start sobbing when my speech gets slurred... just like my ex... ", "How many WASP's does it take to screw in a light bulb? Silly, WASP's don't screw in a light bulb, they screw in a hot tub.", "I read that alligators can grow up to 15 feet, but I've never seen one with more than 4. ", "The only positive thing today was my Corona-test [deleted]", "My friend keeps trying to convince me that he's a compulsive liar, but I don't believe him. ", "My friend Morgan is not bound to anyone or anything. Morgan Freeman. ", "I you ran like your mouth, you would be in great shape. [deleted]", "A committee is a group of men who keep minutes and waste hours. ", "I can't find the meaning of nihilism anywhere. ", "31 years ago today the doctor delivered me.I can't believe I've survived so long without a liver.", "The only thing greater than infinity is nothing. ", "Yo Mama is so dumb, she got locked in a grocery store and starved to death.", "I'm a virgin for religious reasons. God made me really ugly.", "Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? He didn't have the guts for it.", "Dyslexic man walks into a bra ", "If someone survives the Chinese Coronavirus, would that make them a master of Wuhan Kung Flu ? ", "Poop jokes aren't my favorite, but they're a solid number two. ", "What do you call a sheep in the army? Lambo", "I bought a box of animal crackers and it said on it \"Do not eat if seal is broken.\" So I opened up the box, and sure enough...", "My friend was decapitated and his wife said I should have been more prepared, but I didn't think : a head?! ", "What's the difference between an arts student and a table? A table can support itself ", "His khakis were too long, so I asked the seamstress to cut him some slack. ", "RIP Mr. Boiling Water. You will definitely be mist. ", "How do you turn a duck into a soul singer? Put it in the oven until its bill withers.", "I had to give up my vegetarian diet because it turns out, they're a lot harder to catch than cows. ", "For once in my life, I'd like to get up in the morning and be as excited about it as my penis ", "My favourite outdoor activity is lock picking. ", "What do ducks smoke? Qwack", "The only thing longer than my honey-do list is my honey-don't list.", "The only exercise I do are diddly-squats. ", "Public healthcare budgets limit the number of knee replacements each year, but elbows aren't capped. Low budget joke, don't get your nose out of joint.", "My girlfriend likes dildos in more ways than one. ", "Do you smoke pot because weed be cute together", "Cosmic humor is universally funny ", "I met Medusa once... She completely objectified me. ", "one day criminals will get better doctors than the rich so for-profit prisons can get paid for 1000 years of suffering ", "I left my last girlfriend because she wouldn't stop counting. I often wonder what she's up to now.", "I hate being manic depressive. It's great!", "A Muslim Karen is a Quran ", "6.9, a little fun interrupted by a period. ", "I go to the gym for the same reason I go to the bakery - for nice buns. ", "What did the sadist do to the masochist? Nothing.", "What's round and bad-tempered? A vicious circle.", "A number 12 walks into a bar, The barman says \"Sorry but we can't serve you, you're clearly under 18\"", "I saw a midget dressed like Hitler yesterday and I thought.. \"that's a little racist\".", "The Black Mamba died today in a helicopter crash. Didn't he know that Blackhawks kill snakes? ", "\"What a truly inspirational man that Steve Jobs was\" said my mate. \"What is your favourite Apple product?\" he asked. \"Cider, \" I replied.", "The sexual potential of any body part is directly proportional to our lover's willingness to lick it. ", "I bought a velcro strap sneakers, instead of a lace up....Why knot? ", "9 out of 10 dermatologists agree that towels are the leading cause of dry skin. ", "Hecklers Anonymous meeting tonight, 7pm start, bring your own boos. ", "What's red and bad for your teeth? A house brick.", "I used to be addicted to the Hokey Pokey, but i've turned myself around. [deleted]", "Went to a meating last week, the place was full of butchers. ", "My doctor asked if I was sexually active. I said \"Define active, there are volcanoes classed as active that haven't gone off in centuries\"", "I'm not happy with the results of my cheap circumcision. It was a total rip-off!", "How have you been? [removed]", "999$ for that, Apple? I won't stand for it! ", "Do you think if I started wearing golf skirts I'd get a hole in one? ", "Nobody likes sweeping statements. ", "A bear hug isn't truly a bear hug unless it's administered by a real bear.", "Wanna lose weight? Buy super glue and get rid of that big mouth of yours!", "We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.", "Bobby pins is the perfect name for a wrestler. ", "The only reason why the postal service is still around is letters to Santa.", "I have a stepladder. I never knew my real ladder ", "Sign language is quite handy. ", "My friends think I'm too indecisive. I don't know what to think of that", "I had a threesome with a scalene and an isosceles.It was a love triangle.", "Christmas is coming, you could be too. [deleted]", "What's big, gray, and unimportant? An irrelephant.", "To all those friends I bought a book for this Christmas, just a reminder they're due back at the library next tuesday!", "I read a book about how to be street smart and now I don't know which one I am. ", "My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance, well, we'll just see about that. ", "Without the big bang nothing matters ", "I wish I could remember that joke I heard about Alzheimer's.", "At least the garbage disposal eats what I cook.", "I Have faith in fools. In my friends' cases, they call it self-confidence.", "I think it\u2019s pretty cool how the Chinese made a language entirely out of tattoos. ", "How many Vietnam veterans does it take to change a lightbulb? YOU DON'T KNOW MAN, YOU WEREN'T THERE!", "Liking your own Facebook status is like high-fiving yourself in public.", "If I had a dollar for every gender, I'd have $2 and a bunch of counterfeits. ", "My brother\u2019s allergic to peanuts, so as a prank I put a bunch of bubblegum in his hair. [deleted]", "I was distraught after breaking up with my girlfriend, but now I'm slowly coming to grips with myself. People say I'm a downright spunky fellow. ", "I've fallen in love with a pencil and we're getting married and I just can't wait to introduce my parents to my bride 2B! ", "Is waiting for the istore to come up with a dollar menu.", "Do dolphins ever get tattoos of 19 year old community college girls? ", "I once dated an apostrophe; she was too possessive. ", "If pronouncing my Ts as Vs makes me sound Russian then so Ve it [deleted]", "As a kleptomaniac, I hate hearing jokes because I always take them literally. ", "The scientist was thrown off the jury for demanding they repeat the trial to make sure it gets the same result \n", "People say laughter is the best medicine, so instead of\nGetting a flu shot, you can just look at my bank balance.", "I like my puns like I like my sausages. The wurst ones are the best.", "Never buy fake noodles, they're an impasta. ", "I used to be apprehensive about visiting Denver, but lately I'm feeling Boulder. ", "TEACHER: Now, Simon, tell me frankly, do you say prayers before eating?\n\nSIMON: No sir, I don't have to, my Mum is a good cook.", "My wife left, I just don\u2019t think that\u2019s right. ", "This happens because shit happens [deleted]", "Knowing that \"nothing will ever be enough\" , is enough. ", "I saw some ducks practicing their teenage girl faces at the pond today.", "If anyone finds a black and white cat that answers to the name \"Scream\" would they please keep it. ", "I'm a man of my word, and I try to keep my f-cking mouth shut. [deleted]", "How did the guy who invented the clock know at which time to set it? ", "I love kids because they cannot hit back hard as hard as I can. ", "I know anagrams of \"meth\" but I don't tell anybody them. ", "With the rise of self-driving vehicles, it's only a matter of time before we get a emo song where a guy's truck leaves him too. ", "Knock knock Mike who? My kinda town Chicago is.... ", "Whiteboards are truly remarkable ", "Just in time for Christmas, stores are now stocking French Army knives, featuring 6 corkscrews and a white flag. ", "My wife and I have what we call Olympic Sex! Sounds great doesn't it! It's not really, it only happens once every four years.", "I went to the library to see if they had that book on living with a small penis. She said \"I don't think it's in yet\". I said \"Yeah that's the one\". ", "Need I say more [removed]", "If pigs could fly, I bet their wings would taste delicious. ", "One thing I learned from dating a dominatrix, never suggest it's time to hit the sack. ", "Someone once asked me why I don't cuddle after sex. I said it's because I only have an hour before the coroner comes back from his lunch break. ", "Beating my Viagra addiction was the hardest time of my life. ", "What concert costs 45 cents? 50 cent and nickel back.", "Wow what a rush, I was just recognized in public! I didn't think that wanted poster was still in circulation.", "How many Christians does it take to change a light bulb? Three, but they're really only one.", "What did the DJ order from the deli? A club sandwich with extra beets.", "I despise Russian dolls, they're way too full of themselves. ", "Coarse toilet paper is a pain in the ass [deleted]", "When I got home from work I joined all my watches end to end to make a belt. What a waist of time!", "What's the most successful pickup line ever? \"Does this smell like chloroform?\"", "The word 'Gnba' really makes me angry. It's bang out of order!", "Dark humour is like food, not everybody gets it. ", "I went on a date with a BT worker, the connection was terrible. ", "Scaffolding...I'm a supporter. ", "Atheism is a non-prophet organization. ", "I\u2019m watching a documentary on \u201cfurries\u201d on CNN, these people are paw thetic. ", "How do you survive if you can't drink until you're 21? ", "I have two identical watches. I've got time to spare", "Commiting suicide? That would be the last thing I'd do! ", "What did the egg say to the boiling water? It might take me awhile to get hard, I just got laid by this chick.", "I come from a long line of Conga dancers.", "Kobe Flyn\u2019t ", "Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else. ", "It's hard to explain how good my ability to describe things is.", "Turns out, a wooden stake to the heart, kills normal people too. ", "Did you know \"gullible\" isn't in the dictionary? ", "People were probably hung, drawn and quartered because it was easier to get change for a quarter. ", "The status quo in my family is to never mention existing conditions. ", "only an asshole would say your own name to you, as if you didnt know [deleted]", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? A Pile-Up. A Pile-Up Who? Ewwwwww", "Misogyny is when men talk about women the same way women talk about other women. ", "I went on the NORAD Santa tracker last week before Christmas... he was at a strip club in Atlanta... doing \"research\" on the naughty list. ", "getting what i want is like getting last digit of pi ", "First time I posted this again ", "What did the hat say to the scarf? \"You hang around - I'll go on a head.\"", "I believe Liam Neeson's first choice of username was taken ", "My Lynch Victims Anonymous meeting was postponed an hour I passed, I didn't feel like hanging around", "After my circumcision I couldn't walk for a year ", "Didja hear the one about the Laughing Strangler? HAHAHAHAH! It'll kill ya! ", "Yeah, I guess it was interesting to pay for a meal with my phone for the first time, but now I gotta get another phone. ", "Chuck Norris is a stupid actor! if he was a good actor he'd come over and slap my head on the keyknadjndbndkndbjdknskodokdnsnmanbsjdo", "Went to the bathroom earlier and took a poo....not sure whose it was, but it's mine now. ", "On which side do chickens have the most feathers? The outside.", "Rings Starr\u2019s recent knighthood was quite a sir prize. [deleted]", "To spell Panda, You just need P and A ", "The unemployment rate falls when an unemployed person is murdered ", "2/1 of all people are bad at fractions ", "I like my women like I like my whiskey, Twelve years old and mixed up with coke.", "Crazy cat ladies put the \u201cpaws\u201d in \u201cmenopause\u201d ", "My dad bought horses thinking that would make his life more stable. ", "My wife says I listen to Michael Jackson too much but I don't stop 'til I get enough. ", "Last night I met a girl named Ivy, at first I didn't like the name, but it's started growing on me. ", "I tried to sneak in to a Star Trek convention dressed as a doctor but the security guard suspected I wasn't the real McCoy ", "Killing Diabetics? Hey... Piece of Cake. ", "My ex-wife believed marriage should be between a man, a woman, her mother, her sisters, & the neighbors across the street.", "I want to stop procrastinating, but not now, maybe later. ", "I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen!", "Why are there no casinos in Africa? Too many cheetahs.", "A pirate's favorite letter is \"R\", or at least it's true for Pirate Ralph. [deleted]", "Yo mama is so fat, the back of her neck looks like a pack of hotdogs.", "Five out of six scientists agree that Russian Roulette is safe. ", "\"Knock Knock.\" \"Who's there?\" \"It's the police, sir.\" \"You'll have to wait, I'm having a shit.\" \"We know, sir, the phone booth has glass sides.\"", "I'm counting on you fingers! ", "What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1", "If life gives you melons, you might be dyslexic. ", "What did the fly order at the restaurant? A number 2.", "I went in to a pet shop and said, \"Can I buy a goldfish?\" The guy said, \"Do you want an aquarium?\" I said, \"I don't care what star sign it is\".", "Just bought a perfume made from Holy Water......Eau My God. ", "My friend Francine told me she got a sex change, to be Frank. [deleted]", "Thinking about buying some tribal land but I have a few reservations ", "All prisoners are incels. ", "I was struck by lightning the other day but at least the atmosphere was electric ", "How conceited Gandi's mom must have been to name her son Muh Hawt Ma. ", "Fishermen lost a boatload of money in a raw shrimp deal\u2014a total Prawnzi scheme. ", "I've decided to re-sod my lawn - it was a turf decision. ", "Sex appeal, please give generously. ", "Someone should start a pizza thread, where OP delivers. ", "The other day I was cleaning my carpets when I spilled spot remover on my dog. I haven't seen him since ", "I only exaggerate once every million years ", "What do you say if you're talking to God... and he sneezes?", "My girlfriend says I'm too skeptical... but I just don't believe her. She also says I'm too pessimistic, but... fuck she's probably right. ", "RIP boiling water. You will be mist.", "I told my friend I threw a stick 5 miles and my dog retrieved it, but he said it seemed a bit far fetched. ", "My girlfriend is like a unicorn. Horny but non existent. \ud83e\udd84 ", "The word \u201cdiputseromneve\u201d may look ridiculous, but backwards, it\u2019s even more stupid. ", "One time I thought I was watching MMA until everyone took their pants off ", "Everyone can catch a bullet at least once. ", "Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do. ", "I tried a new way of making coffee but it turned out terrible and now I\u2019m French depressed. ", "I knew I was going bald when it kept taking me longer and longer to wash my face.", "I mate modern music; too much sax and violins [deleted]", "The only idea that flat earthers fear.... is sphere itself. ", "New food naming trend at the office, today i ate a sandwich named Steve.", "I'll never tell anyone that I'm secretly addicted to eating glue. My lips are sealed.", "Know why ASP programmers wear glasses? Because they can't C#. ", "What do you call a man with a rabbit up his arse? Warren", "I hope I die peacefully in my sleep like my grandpa and not screaming like the passengers in his car. ", "I went past the lesbian synagogue, and it was full of orthodykes. ", "Owning a cemetery is a grave business ", "All in all... it was a good orgy.", "My talking dog gave me a stick the other day and told me he found it 600 miles away.I thought that's a bit far-fetched.", "Why did the chicken cross the road, he thought that he was playing animal crossing ", "Separating two different lines with a semicolon doesn\u2019t make it a one liner; I mean me too thanks ", "You can't put a price on slippery lemons. ", "The flat earth society has members all around the globe. ", "Why was the pie waiting on the corner? Because it was meat n potato.", "I spray my heels and toes with cologne because when I kick you in the face, I want you to smell defeat. ", "Duck autocorrect ", "There's one \"i\" in \"obvious\". [deleted]", "My girlfriend asked me earlier when I last had sex with someone that wasn't her? I said:\"Back in 08\". It sounds much better than 'August'", "Why do so many people hate the guy who killed Hitler? ", "I was an ugly kid, when I played in the sandbox, the cat kept covering me up.", "My girlfriend and I broke up due to religious differences... She failed to worship me", "The doctor's gave me some medical marijuana, then I went home and had some medical popcorn and medical nachos. ", "How do you stop a dog from barking in the back seat of a car? Put it in the front seat.", "I shouldn't have driven home from the bar last night.\n\nEspecially since I walked there.", "Russian Roulette: You win some, you lose one.", "Make American Bern again Yes... I actually saw this on the internet. What.\n\nSome idiot is making t-shirts of this phrase: https://make-america-bern-again.myshopify.com/", "I thought I was losing weight because my pants are falling down, but it turns out that the convex of my fattening belly was pushing them down. ", "What do they call their good dishes in China? ", "I've just bought a load of cheap Harry Potter DVDs. They were only two Quidditch.", "I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain. ", "I saw a midget prisoner climbing down a wall. As he turned and sneered at me, I thought: 'that's a little condescending'.", "I lost my left arm in surgery, the doctor thought it was right. Now I just wiggle around like a worm. ", "My wife says she enjoys sex more whilst on holiday. Well, I can tell you, that was an awkward postcard to receive.", "Every triangle is a love triangle when you love triangles. ", "This should be a short day. [deleted]", "Did you hear about the jurisprudence fetishist who got off on a technicality? ", "Accountants often appear dour as they don't want to be seen laughing at your expense. ", "The wife is cleaning out the cupboards, dirty, filthy and covered in cobwebs. But she's good with the kids!", "I am yet to bite a moose that tastes like chocolate.", "I've got this new hobby where I tell everyone about my obscure interests. ", "Can you get tan when it's 90 degrees? ", "Never throw scissors, you might lose your scissors. [deleted]", "When you think about it, the song, \"Hotel California\" is just a bad \"Trip Advisor\" review with a three minute guitar solo. ", "He who tells one too many lightbulb jokes quickly burns out. [deleted]", "pregnancy really brings out the kid in you ", "I went on a date with a communist, it was a pretty big red flag. [deleted]", "When I was born I was so smart I got my parents to feed me and dress me and carry me around with them all day.", "I never trusted my twin brother, he reminded me too much of someone I knew. ", "I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised!", "If Wal-Mart and Toys-R-Us would merge, it would be called Wal-R-Us, a slow store with smelly fish on the inside. ", "Sometimes I wake up grumpy, sometimes I let her sleep in. ", "This new girl I'm dating is obsessed with her vagina; she keeps telling me she likes her own space. ", "When screenwriters get really old, they fade out. ", "All I want is enough financial stability to not get excited about finding change on the ground. ", "So it's possible to rewrite DNA - and? ", "Man: Doctor Doctor I keep thinking I'm a wigwam and a tepee. Doctor: Calm down, you're two tents.", "I've got a fruit spelling test tomorrow, but I'm cool as a queuecumber. ", "Yo Mama is so fat it takes 3 warlocks to summon her.", "Two interesting facts about me. 1) My knob is the same length as 2 Argos pens. 2) I'm banned from Argos.", "Unsharpened pencils are pointless ", "Sometimes God will send an EX back into your life, just to see if you're still an idiot. ", "I used to be a bodybuilder..or 'The Dr Frankenstein Grave Robber' as the press preferred to call me.", "Asked the surgeon out after they failed my operation, they just weren't into me. ", "Clandestine electronic eavesdropping really bugs me. ", "The reason I wish I was in a gang would be so I know what to do with my hands in pictures.", "Just saw a sign'Mute budgie for sale - Not going cheap'.", "Why don't dentists display their awards? Because they want to prevent plaque build-up.", "Crushing up and snorting coffee beans is where I draw the line. ", "How do you make a woman angry and sick at the same time? Cholera, bitch.", "A vulture gets on a plane carrying two dead raccoons. The flight attendant says, \"Sorry sir, only one carrion item per passenger.\"", "After my digital rectal exam, I freaked seeing a sign for digital eye exams ", "What's a vampires favourite fruit? A nectarine.", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Europe. Europe who? Don't call me a poo!", "Wow! when I heard that phone ring at 6:30 a.m. like I\u2019d asked for from the front desk, it was a real wake-up call. ", "Did you hear about the women who got wooden breast implants? A punchline would be funny here, Wooden Tit?", "Dickblock. Apply directly to the forehead. [deleted]", "Being vegan is a big missed steak! ", "The new milk tray man from Liverpool, has been sacked after one day on the job. He delivered the chocolates, but left with a PS4, ipad and TV.", "When I was younger, I felt like a man trapped inside a woman\u2019s body and then, I was born. ", "I lived in a flat with three girls until they found out. ", "What's the difference between Kentucky and China? In China they ride in Smart Cars. In Kentucky, they ride their cousins. ", "Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is so stupid, blondes are now making jokes about her ", "My girlfriend was prescribed oral contraceptives and I thought \"yay! Blowjobs!\" ", "The perks of working in a keyboard factory..... Extra shifts. ", "lLimiting the freedom of news 'just a little bit' is in the same category with the classic example a little bit pregnant.", "A girl called me, she told me to come over because no one was home. Sure enough, no one was there.", "I once met a cyclops named Justin Eyeball. ", "There's a new TV show about a plane hijacking. They just shot the pilot last week.", "If you eat only vegetables, you're a vegetarian. Does that make a cannibal a real humanitarian? ", "What do you call a blonde with 2 brain cells? Pregnant", "Who's this Rorschach guy and why does he keep drawing pictures of my parents having sex? ", "You have a face for radio. ", "You know I love gravity, but it always let's me down. ", "A man took an airline to court after his luggage went missing. Unfortunately he lost his case.", "Hoarding's great, collectively speaking. ", "Last night I was having sex with my girlfriend and she told me not to cum on her face but I blew it. ", "To the people who are trying to overcome their paranoia, I'm behind you all the way. ", "What's the difference between your wages and your penis? You don't have to convince your wife to blow your wages.", "Saw a guy drinking and driving and decided to follow him to the bar he was going to get a DUI leaving tonight. ", "I have my reservations about Paradise City if the first thing you brag about is the color of the grass. ", "What do gay horses eat? Heyyyyyyyyyyy!", "How do you turn a duck into a soul singer? Stick it in the microwave until it's Bill Withers", "paused Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory to go buy a Snickers. This is why I can't watch breaking bad.", "My New Year's resolution is going to be 1080p. ", "The sinking of the Titanic was a miracle to the lobsters in the ship's kitchen. ", "There is literally nothing worse than hyperbole. ", "Ugh - it's just like that deja-vu incident all over again... ", "DO NOT DISTURB.. I don't need to hang a sign on the door when I get a hotel room. They can tell, I'm already disturbed.", "I didn't want to study utilitarianism but the teacher made me. ", "I drank a bottle of cat shampoo last night. Dont ask meow!", "Auto-correct can kiss my big fat hairy ask!", "My dog was castrated so that Christmas dinner became less awkward. [deleted]", "Earthquakes rock my world. ", "Why did the Eskimos have to stop partying? Because they ran out of Natural Light", "I've just been on Trip Advisor. There's fuck all information about a twisted ankle or a grazed knee. ", "I\u2019m Chris Hansen, have you ever heard of \u201cDateline\u201d? [deleted]", "If women are so perfect at multi-tasking. How come they can't have a headache and sex at the same time?", "I always learn from the mistake of others who take my advice.", "Timmy! Stop confusing people by putting question marks at the end of sentences?! ", "It takes 26 muscles to smile and 62 muscles to frown, so don't ever say that I don't go out of my way for you.", "I was hoping that the low-budget rip off of Wonder Woman was going to be really good, but it ended up just being a woman staring distractedly out a window for two hours. ", "People named 'willy' sure do have it hard you know..... ", "A politician is one who shakes your hand before election, and shakes your confidence after.", "Hmmmm, I love smoothies.....so much nicer than hairies !! ", "A blonde walks to her mailbox-nothing. Comes out again-nothing. Neighbor says-Whats wrong? Blonde-My laptop keeps saying,\"You've got mail!\"", "That new song about fishing sure has a catchy hook. ", "I heard DMX got the corona virus. Better be careful or X gon give it to ya. ", "Whoever stole my Microsoft Office, I'm coming after you. You have my word", "A guy sticks his head in the barber shop and asks how long till he can get a haircut. The barber replies, \"About another half inch.\" ", "Went to the Ice Cream Van and asked for a 99. The Ice Cream Man asked if I wanted hundreds and thousands? I said 'no thanks mate, just the one'", "People from the east and west coasts call this part of the country \"the heartland\" so they can bypass it.", "What do you call a girl standing between two goal posts? Annette.", "When can women make you a millionaire? When you're a billionaire.", "I just read a book about Stockholm Syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but I ended up really liking it.", "I don't mean to step on anyone's toes, but I'm a terrible dancer. ", "Why is Pingu's dad always ironing when none of them wear clothes?", "I had a recurring dream once ", "Why did the chicken kill itself? To get to the other side.", "To anyone suffering from paranoia. You're not alone.", "As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.", "Two cannibals are eating a clown. One looks to the other and asks, \"Does this taste funny to you?\"", "I heard that a group of conspiracy theorists are making plans to end the world. ", "Burying someone in the wrong place ... ... is a grave error", "You remind me of my Lava Lamp; you're not to bright but you're fun to watch. [deleted]", "What's blue and smells like red paint? Blue paint", "I combined all of the watches I own into a belt. It was a complete waste of time. ", "Mistake is like an ass, you always see someone else's. ", "The guy who wrote \"What Is Love\" really Haddaway with words. ", "How does Darth Vader know what Luke Skywalker has got for Christmas? He felt his presents.", "Phones are so expensive nowadays, when you fall and hear a crack, you hope it\u2019s just your leg. ", "The best thing about this year is, after wearing glasses for so long, I can claim that this year I have 2020 vision. It's a dad joke.  Happy new years.", "Everyday I pray the cops won't pick me up for my twin brothers murders but the voices say I'm an only child ", "We live a society where obesity is uprising and skinny jeans are a fad. Please help me.", "If you're against terrorism then you're against terrifying haunted houses ", "Call me missconception \u2018cause I\u2019m pregnant ", "Italians know how to espresso themselves. ", "I've never actually been skydiving but I have zoomed in on Google Earth really really fast. ", "What does a clock do when it gets hungry? It goes back four seconds. ", "Anthems unite weaver ants ", "Confessions at church must be a real pain in the ass for little boys ", "Girl, I\u2019m gonna make them cheeks clap like a live studio audience ", "My career as a model is looking great. [deleted]", "What is E.T. short for? He has really small legs", "I slept like a baby last night.... Waking up every 3 hours crying for food.", "I hope baby oil doesn't come from where it says it does..", "Never realised until today, that Karl Marx's sister Onya, invented the starting pistol.... ", "It's always better to have sworn enemies than to have two-faced friends. [deleted]", "What did one saggy boob say to the other? We better get some support or people are gunna think we're nuts.", "I've been kept in the dark about how long I'll be faking my funeral for. ", "A palindrome loving man walks into a bar and without ordering anything goes out of the bar ", "I was disappointed with the size of the portraits in the gallery. But then I saw the bigger picture. ", "My favorite sex position is 'WOW'. Its where i flip your MOM over. ", "\"It's not you, it's me!!\" Twins looking at family photos. ", "My wife says I can join your gang but I have to be home by 9. ", "It's close between Tyson Fury and Andy Murray for the BBC Sports Personality trophy. I reckon the Gypsy will just nick it.", "She told me that she only listens to satellite radio and I said, \"You can't be Sirius.\" ", "10 years ago, if I could look into the future and see who I am today, I'd say, \"WHAT IS THIS MAGIC SORCERY?! AM I IN THE FUTURE?!\" ", "Not many people know this, but I'm famous. ", "Womens rights ", "Was cleaning out my attic yesterday, when I came across my old porn collection. ", "If you need to self isolate spend it with some teenagers they are experts at that ", "Q: What do you do when an Antartian throws a pin at you?\nA: Run, because the grenade is in her mouth!!", "I have news for you eavesdroppers, listen carefully. ", "I used to work at a fire hydrant factory and I gotta tell ya, the benefits were good, but the parking was terrible. ", "Even if you love slavery, if you believe in reincarnation you cant risk being born into it ", "What do you call a dodgy neighbourhood in Italy? A Spaghetto.", "I used to have a fear of hurdles, but I got over it.", "There's a lot to be said for the dictionary. ", "A keyring is a handy little gadget that allows you to lose all your keys at once. ", "Donald Trump is like tentacle porn, I have no desire for it but I can't look away either. ", "I wonder if it is possible to get postpartum depression from taking a massive shit ", "the difference between an accordion and an onion is that when you chop up an accordion NOBODY cries ", "She fears commitment but I can't say I do. [deleted]", "I gave Easter candy to my roommates and I'm officially dubbed the mom of the apartment now.", "Hipsters burn their mouths because they are always eating stuff before it is cool ", "Good girls Arent good. They just haven't gone bad yet.", "Convicts are committed people. ", "My car is so small that I overcompensate by having a large penis.", "People that dislike deformities can suck my dicks. ", "Everything is in your head, if you think about it. ", "What did the finger say to the thumb? I'm in glove with you.", "I wondered why the ball was getting bigger... and then it hit me. ", "This sentence no verb. ", "What's the difference between love and herpes? Herpes lasts forever.", "Ball peen hammers have very little to do with balls or peens ", "Why don't jews eat pussy? It's too close to the gas chamber", "I've designed a plane made entirely from rubber, so that when it crashes, it bounces. It's a Boing 747.", "I hate it when people use large words just to sound intelligent...It's absolutely superfluous. ", "Military puns are pretty lame, generally speaking. ", "I need to gettier more knowledge. ", "just tweeted that your a twit.", "I'm having a vasectomy the day before your birthday party, I can't come. ", "After a bug splats on the windshield, my Granpa would say, \"he'll never have the guts to try that again.\" ", "What gym equipment does Jesus use? A cross trainer", "I once took a girl to Starbucks because I forgot her name.", "Exaggerations went up by a million percent last year. ", "Salsa is basically for perveted old people. ", "My friend found God after getting lost in a maze - He had nowhere else to turn. ", "EMTs travel in twos because they are pair-a-medics. ", "A girl I fancy just phoned me and said, \"Come on over. There's nobody home.\" I went over. Nobody was home.", "As vegetables go, radish is kind-of cool ", "I was attacked by a group of mime artists. They did unspeakable things to me. ", "I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind. I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.", "I put the toilet seat down as a gift to my mom.", "I've avoided abstinence for 85 days now. ", "Beekeepers mine their own beeswax. ", "Why does Eve get to celebrate christmas one day early? ", "Brains are the power we hold over monkeys that we control most of the banana farms [deleted]", "I'm here to self deprecate and chew bubble gum, and I forgot to bring gum because I'm the worst. ", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Dishes. Dishes Who? Dishes just another bad knock knock joke.", "The effect viagra has on men is easily measured. ", "Note to thieves: Steal from a thug, chances are his PIN #s are one of three 4-letter swear words.", "A dyslexic man walked into a bra. [removed]", "The Wife was watching a cookery show. I said \"What the fuck you watching that for, you can't cook?\" She said \"You watch porn, you Fat Bastard\".", "I tried reaching for the stars but their bodyguards stopped me. ", "Some people are like plungers, always bringing up old shit. ", "Some parents believe that spanking a child is an important part of rearing a child.", "The woman next door keeps flashing me from her upstairs bedroom window.I've no idea how she got the car up there though.", "I made a newbie mistake and went shopping while hungry, so I'm now the proud owner of aisle four. ", "Has Tiny biceps, but they are getting fatter in the middle.", "Australians don't have sex, they mate.", "After the new veterinarian accidentally killed all of Barnum and Bailey's circus animals, no one knew what to do about the elephant in the room. ", "The inventor of throat lozenges has died. There'll be no coffin at his funeral.", "My Wife has grown a little penis after she started taking steroids.\"Really, anabolic?\" \"No, just a little penis\".", "Why spend 600 dollars on a Dyson, its basically a product that sucks. ", "What's E.T. Short for? He's only got little legs!", "Scored a job as an accountant. My new nickname is 'The Thought'.", "[to the tune of No Sleep 'til Brooklyn] One! Month! 'til Christmassss! ", "I had read long ago that some Tibetan monks claim to be able to emit certain sounds that can kill a person. In the West we can do the same thing after eating a hot TIbetan curry. ", "The future isn\u2019t what it used to be.", "A referee walked into a bar. I thought it's all gonna kick off now.", "Yo mama is so old her social security number is 1!", "I had a joke about music but I forgot my notes somewhere. ", "Movie bomb squads always have that one exhausted guy who has to work around the clock. ", "If I had a DeLorean, I\u2019d probably only drive it from time to time. ", "It sucks when a bathroom sign says 'employees must wash hands' and I wait for over an hour and no one comes to wash my hands.", "My father was a man of few words. He once said to me: \"Son...\" ", "Crime in multi-storey car parks is wrong on so many different levels. ", "Shout out to all the people that don't know what the opposite of in is! ", "Who is this feat. Guy? He's in a lot of songs.", "An old lady at the bank asked if I could help her check her balance. So I pushed her over.", "The idea that as I get older my brain might one day turn into mush is just un...think...y ", "Does being blind make you a better musician or is that just Superstition? ", "At this point, insulting PETA is just beating a dead horse. ", "3 cameras, 7 diapers, lets make a porno ", "I made a time machine,but it has a glitch that makes it to take one second to take me one second in future ", "My friends' kids' names began from a-z. after they had George, they named their next girl Zack. I don't think they wanted anymore kids.", "Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff. Ba dum tish!", "What did one butt cheek say to the other? If we stick together, we can stop this shit.", "The only kind of debt that matters is debt of pleasure, borrowed or saved now with interest for later, that causes a downward or upward spiral ", "What's the difference between a chick pea and a potato? You wouldn't pay to have a potato on you.", "I recently told some friends I was closeted to my family. Really felt great to come out of the closet closet. ", "Looking forward to the day when my to-do list becomes my ta-da! list.", "Sperm donations are more valuable than blood donation, because they are handmade. ", "When I want your advice, I\u2019ll give you the special signal. Which is me being sectioned under the Mental Health Act ", "If you lose your tree, try stapling a picture of it to a cat. ", "Went shopping for cherries and a microphone- bought a bing bought a boom. ", "Dark? That's a completely different matter all together. ", "Today is Earth Day, and it should also become a day when normal people make fun of Flat Earthers ", "I winced when the doctor pulled the needle out; I still don't know how it got up my anus. ", "Why did the chicken cross the road. Because it was a dumbass. ", "I asked the greengrocer for a bag of onions. He gave me one and said that's shallot.", "I was the best man at the wedding. If I'm the best man, why is she marrying him?", "They say make up sex is the best which is lucky, because all my sex is made up. ", "Why did they kick the leper out of the restaurant? They had to keep changing the finger bowls.", "I downloaded an App that tells me which of my family members are racist, it is called Facebook. ", "I survey houses for a living, although the owners tend to call it \"breaking in\". ", "I have a rock garden.  Last week, three of them died.", "Salad is not food, because when I eat salad my dog doesn't pay attention to me. ", "My Spring factory went bankrupt, but I think business will bounce back. ", "When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo I had to put my foot down.", "I lived in an apartment where sauron was just one moredoor down from me. ", "\"No strings attached\" is a blissful thing to hear for anyone, unless you're skydiving ", "Why get high when you can hit a brand new low every day? ", "Stayin\u2019 Alive is a very ironic Bee Gees song title. ", "Cowards run in my family. [deleted]", "bored ... ?? [removed]", "Why do bulimics like KFC? It comes with a free bucket.", "I used to be scared of pretty girls and then I realized they were just as scared of me. ", "A man in underwear lead police on a brief chase. ", "What do you call a man that steals everyday? Robin Daley", "I threw caution into the wind, but the wind was blowing straight back at me.", "My girlfriend just dumped me for talking too much about video games. What a ridiculous thing to Fallout 4.", "I am glad technology has progressed to the point where we can take pictures that look like ones taken when technology sucked. #instagram", "Can a stupid person be a smart-ass? ", "Anti-vaxxers are a problem that solves itself. ", "I was raised as an only child, which really annoyed my sister.", "When you have an exorcism done to yourself, and you don' pay the bill, your soul gets repossessed. ", "What's 18 inches long and makes women scream at night? Crib Death.", "A guy at work asked me where the tea was.. I told him it's between S and U ", "59/177 of people overcomplicate things. ", "Anyone who hangs out washing despite predictions of storms is really putting it all on the line. ", "What's the definition of a microwave? A flea saying goodbye.", "I\u2019m in a metal band called 667-The Neighbor Of The Beast. ", "Jeffrey Dahmer thought Five Guys was delicious. ", "I can speak every language as good as google translate can. ", "My steam powered robot has developed a Coke habit. ", "They say 1 in 6 guys is gay, so when I look within my group of friends... I hope it's Josh, he's the cute one. ", "Spent all my savings on a sexchange. Now I haven't got a sausage.", "You're living, you occupy space and have mass. What does that mean? You matter.", "I just got out of the navy. Want to see my discharge? ", "I just saw on the news'Missing girl found safe'What I wanna know is..Could she crack it?", "I told my wife I lost 10 lbs in one hour. \"No way. That's impossible!\" she said. \"Trust me,\" I said, \"I have no idea where our baby is.\"", "Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.", "I promised my wife the earth today. But gave her the life and electrocuted her.", "Can you believe that my neighbor knocked at my door at 2AM!? Luckily, I was up playing my drums.", "Why don't dinosaurs talk? Because they're dead.", "I bought a top of the range scuba diving outfit, it's even waterproof. ", "Proving that this community is unmoderated. Two lines. ", "How can you tell that the little mermaid is on her period? She's followed by sharks.", "The cops issued a warrant because I was stealing baby sheep and riding them, so now I\u2019m on the lamb. ", "What I learned from Scooby Doo chase scenes was that when one door closes another one opens ", "The last time I was inside a woman, I was visiting the Statue Of Liberty.\ud83d\uddfd ", "Why are male bathrooms on the left, and female bathrooms on the right? Because women are always right, even when they're full of shit.", "Did you hear the joke about the three holes in the ground?. Well, well, well!", "I'm so straight I won't even masturbate until my hand gets a sex change ", "Red wine and fish don't mix, in fact, mine died. ", "Why do people always say that nothing rhymes with orange? When it doesn't!", "Artificial Intelligence is no match for Common Stupidity ", "What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eyed-deer.", "those who forget the pasta are condemned to repeat their trip to the shops ", "I used to be a narcissist, but now look at me! ", "Her dying regret was never having any regrets. ", "Two soldiers are in a tank. One looks at the other and goes, \"Blublublub!\"", "I haven't spoken to my wife for 10 months, I don't like to interrupt her. ", "Real women may have curves, but I was never a realist. [deleted]", "LIFE SUCKS. I lent a guy $20k to have plastic surgery and now I don't know what the fuck he looks like. ", "A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere.", "I respect women because I banged your mom last night. ", "People who say actors are pretentious are missing the plot. ", "Marks And Spencers new advert states that it wouldn't be Christmas without MandS. They're right too. It'd be Chrita.", "Where are average things built?In the satisfactory.", "India has this great free healthcare system for people who break bones, it's called the caste system. [deleted]", "Nostalgia isn't like it used to be. ", "Why is there no black character in the game \"Clue\"? Because then it would be called \"Solved.\"", "I used to be afraid of hurdles, but then I got over it ", "Jesus is a big advocate of mooning by turning the other butt cheek ", "One time I was passing this map store and the owner goes, \u201cHey buddy, you look a little lost,\u201d so I told him not to patronize me. ", "What do you call a musician without a girlfriend? Homeless.", "I live life in the fast lane ... with a stream of cars behind me, horns blaring.", "A guy walked into a bar. He got a light concussion.", "If calcium helps your bones, does white stuff make more white stuff. ", "I was going to get a brain transplant , but then I changed my mind. ", "What did Jeffrey Dahmer sing as he went to the refrigerator? My Bologna had a first name.", "hy was the guitar teacher arrested? For fingering A minor.", "Rockcorn is basically popcorn that likes to mosh. [deleted]", "a friend of mine did dumb stuff to be famous on facebook , I am not impressed by the likes of him . ", "I asked my friend if it\u2019s difficult dealing with his chronic priapism. He said, \u201cit\u2019s always hard.\u201d ", "Who called it water breaking and not push notification? [deleted]", "I came here to do two things: a biathlon, ", "Do not take life too seriously, You will never get out of it alive. ", "Bless philosophers, they're so thoughtful. ", "What do you call a man who used to be an artist? Drew", "If you want a successful relationship, find someone who likes the same thermostat setting you do.", "Writing is nature's way of letting you know how sloppy your thinking is.", "Wind turbines: I'm a big fan.", "I took the rear view mirror out of my car, and since then..I've never looked back", "My mom tried to raise my dog to help on the farm, it didn't work. ", "3D printers have become so realistic now that I printed out a life sized Bob Marley playing the guitar and the paper started jammin'. ", "\"If you go down, I'll go down with you.\" - Rubber Dinghy ", "Someone told me I'm condescending. That means I talk down to people.", "This guy was going on and on about the dangers of hoverboards... [deleted]", "Casual fridays are the best, except at strip clubs. [deleted]", "It's \"Jamaican hairstyle day\" at work tomorrow. I'm dreading it.", "I dated a girl with a lazy eye, but it didn't work out. She was seeing someone else on the side.", "Rudolph the red nose reindeer teaches kids the important lesson that people don\u2019t like you until they find you\u2019re useful to them ", "I'm a man of my word, and I keep my fucking mouth shut. ", "I bought some manure bags for the garden, it's cheaper than a lounger. ", "What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve? Christopher Walken. ", "Why are there only 239 beans in Irish stew? Because one more, and it'd be too farty.", "I like life so much I have seen it three times. ", "I just found out my girlfriend has 50,000 bees. I think she's a keeper.", "Diarrhea is hereditary It runs down in your jeans", "Someone tell me definition of \"delegation\". [deleted]", "The secret to a great Hawaiian pizza is to cook it at aloha temperature. ", "Clones are people two.", "My phone has to wear glasses ever since it lost its contacts. ", "Who's got one thumb and was just involved in a horrific woodworking accident? This guy! ", "My son was born with water on the brain, the doctor cured him with a tap on the head. ", "I was gonna send my awful 'Fish in Herb Sauce' back to the chef. But I'm not sure sure if it's the thyme or the plaice.", "I once met a knighted British veterinarian who works on the Queen's caviar-bearing fish. His card said \"Sir John Spurgeon, Sturgeon Surgeon.\" ", "I was once employed as a designer of cul de sacs. Turned out though to be a dead end job. ", "- What's the difference between chicken and meat?  If you beat your chicken it  would die", "You can never hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom because its p is silent. ", "I have 3 kids and no money, why can\u2019t I have no kids and 3 money? ", "My name is Oedipus, motherfucker! ", "Christians believe Jesus is gods gift to women... and men ", "\"Son, I don't think you're cut out to be a mime.\" \"Was it something I said?\" Asks the son. \"Yes.\"", "When you realize walkie talkies are called walkie talkies because you walkie and you talkie \ud83e\udd2f\ud83e\udd2f\ud83e\udd2f ", "Why was the detective fired after the peanut factory robbery? Cos he refused to deal with a nut case.", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Doughnut. Doughnut who? Doughnut ask, it's a secret.", "Some mornings, I wake up bitchy, other mornings, I let her sleep. ", "If you want a job in a moisturizer factory , you should apply daily ", "I get enough exercise just pushing my luck.", "You can stay free if you don't want to parent. ", "I never forget my son's first words... \"Where the heck have you been for 16 years?\" ", "Is it just me or does anyone else want to be a window cleaner in Amsterdam?", "Last night I dreamed I was an alternator and this morning I woke up with all of my batteries charged. ", "I've been seeing someone behind my girlfriend's back..I think she's got a stalker.", "He liked pork chops so much he bought the farm. ", "Where can you find a dog with no legs? Right where you left him.", "A very wise woman once said....... Nothing. ", "A friend will help you move. A good friend will help you move a body. ", "The last time someone was interested in my body was when I filled out my organ donor card. ", "I have to use a stepladder since my real ladder left when I was young.", "A bunch of atheists walked down my street today handing out blank pieces of paper ", "Not bragging but guess who got a record deal today?..3 cds for \u00a31.. Bargain!", "The police say that they burn all the weed they confiscate, so that would explain the doughnuts. ", "I decided to invest my money in Bonds, so I bought the DVD box set. ", "Why were the Paul Walker jokes removed from the Bieber Roast? Paul Walker has already been roasted.", "What do you call a kid with one arm, buck teeth, a monobrow and an eyepatch? Names.", "I think we're in for a bad spell of wether.", "\"Vodka! Whiskey! Tequila!\" I call the shots!", "My wife hasn't said a word to me in 6 days. What's even better is, she thinks it's punishment.", "Why did the female dog have trouble getting a gun after the background check law passed? Cuz Bitches be crazy.", "I\u2019m typing slow because I know you\u2019re a slow reader. ", "What did one bitcoin say to the other? Mine your own business!", "Marriage: it has a nice ring to it. ", "I'm never more nervous than when I insist we are out of something and my wife goes to look for herself. ", "My wife got angry at me for kicking ice cubes in the kitchen, but now it's all just water under the fridge. ", "My girlfriend told me to go out and get something that would make her look sexy, so I got drunk! ", "If i dance with a polish girl, does it counts as a pole dancing? ", "It's kind of sad cross eyed people never looked forward to anything. ", "There isn\u2019t anyone in the Chuck E Cheese line up that makes me think their food is sanitary. They have a rat, a dog, a pidgin, a hairy purple monster and a sweaty Italian. ", "I'm ultraviolet colorblind ", "The B in Cardi B is for Bill Cosby ", "Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie? Because he was too far out.", "Why do walruses go to Tupperware parties? To find a tight seal.", "I wonder what he's thinking... ", "Samson was a biblical tough guy, but his dad Samsonite was even more of a hard case. ", "I'll be a great mother some day.\n-Dude on the street", "The waiter thought he'd seen something rare, but he didn't know what the dinosaur. [deleted]", "I just bought a TV remote control with three buttons. I was surprised they let me pay with buttons.", "If your parents never had children, chances are you won't, either.", "I wanted to build the world's tallest building, but then I found out someone already did it ", "Did you hear about the man who enjoyed having sex with fruit? Some people say he's not too weird, but I still think he's fucking bananas.", "If you can ask your dad if you're a bastard you are ", "Blunt pencils are pointless. ", "I once asked a waiter for a buffet and he punched me in the face. ", "Impotence I tried to lookup \"impotence\" on the internet, but nothing came up.  ", "I've made loads of money selling my version of Polo that don't have a hole in the middle.I've made an absolute mint.", "Few women admit their age;  Fewer men act it.", "I was walking past the cemetery the other day. The whole place was just dead silent! ", "My wife asked me to bring home some stuff for the pancakes. She wasn't happy when I came back with a push up bra.", "The sorriest rapper is probably from Canada ", "According to all the latest reports, there was no truth in any of the earlier reports.", "What's the difference between a refrigerator and a gay guy? The refrigerator doesn't fart when you take the meat out.", "Necrophiliacs are fucking lifeless. ", "My wife has a contract to give lectures. It's called a marriage license.", "My mate just lost both hands in a horrible accident. I can't even begin to imagine how he feels.", "A cop pulled over a Rabbi on Yom Kippur and said \"hey you were speeding\". The Rabbi replied \"no, I'm fasting\".", "A bombing happened in a clothes store. Needless to say, there were many casual tees. ", "I\u2019ve had it right up to here with jokes that rely on visual imagery. ", "That banana looks appealing. ", "Don't take life seriously; nobody gets out alive anyways. ", "So two dyslexics walk into a bra.", "Did you hear about the House-Senate conference committe considering legislation to decriminalize the use of marijuana? It's called the Joint Session of Congress.", "Yo Mamma so fat I took a picture of her last Christmas and its still printing.", "It's impossible to dry your feet if you're standing in the middle of a creek. ", "Did you hear about the rabbi who had to circumcise elephants? The pay was terrible but the tips were huge!", "Why did the little girls ice cream melt? She was on fire.", "I\u2019d not heard of the Baader-Meinhof phenomenon until recently, and now I\u2019m seeing references to it everywhere. ", "They're making a junior version of Hell's Kitchen called H-E_Doublehockeysticks_S Kitchen. ", "2 Fish in tank, one says to the other \u201chow do you drive this thing?\u201d ", "I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy. ", "What do you call a man who lives in a back street? Ali.", "Why don't autobiographies ever end in someone writing a book?", "Yo mama is so fat, that when she stepped on a scale, it said \"to be continued\"", "Mark my words, I will be edited. ", "Just bought a suit made from cactus.I look pretty sharp in it.", "If Americans throw rice at weddings, do Asians throw Hamburgers?", "You can say what you like about President Trump.... ", "What are the advantages of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.", "My wife said if I took one more picture of her, she'd leave me...that's when I snapped. ", "News just in. The guy who took an airline company to court over his missing luggage has lost his case.", "I like Freudian slips as much as the next gay. ", "I'm not at a place in my life where I can get into Game of Thrones. ", "I'm busier than a one-toothed man in a corn-on-the-cob eating contest.", "My friends tell me I got blackout drunk, but I don't remember it happening like that ", "Which word in the Dictionary is always spelled wrong? Wrong.", "2 dyslexics are in a kitchen. One says to the other \"can you smell food?\" The other one says \"I can't even smell my own name!\"", "Did you hear about the time Stevie Wonder got a cheese grater for Christmas? He said it was the most violent book he'd ever read.", "\"One man's trash is another man's treasure\" is a great saying, but a terrible way to tell your kids that they're adopted.", "The inventor of the world's first organic coffins made entirely out of vegetables has died. May he rest in peas.", "Put a \"no U-turn\" sign in a dead-end street.", "They say make up sex is the best. Good thing, because all the sex I have, is made up. ", "To all you vegetarians, the lifestyle you have chosen is a big missed steak .", "What do you get if you cross a witch and an iceberg? A cold spell.", "My jokes are getting pretty dry, does anyone have a little slapstick? ", "I don't like to call it \"safe sex\" because I can never figure out the combination. ", "Did you hear about the homosexual bear that laid his paw on the table? ", "How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.", "Always remember that you're unique! Just like everyone else.", "For just $10 a month, You can reduce your annual salary by $120.", "62\t\nHospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were.\n19522523571", "I invented a new word today: plagiarism. ", "The best band is the Police because when they say put your hands up you don't know whether to be excited or scared. [deleted]", "The only time I'd want to be surrounded is if I was a nipple clamp. [deleted]", "No pane no gain, I told the struggling window. ", "If you abandon a box of puppies somewhere, it is technically considered littering. ", "Damn girl are you a smoke detector? Because you're super annoying and won't shut up", "Fear those who use his services to sell theirs, but dont fear the reaper ", "It\u2019s with a very heavy heart that I inform you that I just ransacked a whale carcass ", "I renamed my iPod The Titanic, so when I plug it in, it says, \u201cThe Titanic is syncing.\u201d ", "How do color blind people see porn? In fifty shades of gray. ", "Behind every great man is a behind. ", "What do you call a mathematician at the beach? A tan gent.", "Textpectation: Anticipation of receiving a new text.", "It's not unlike me to use double negatives. ", "Soon Canada will take over the world then you'll all be sorry ", "Why did the Mexican throw his wife off of the roof? Tequila.", "Kobe finally passed ", "Resume tip: Disney++ is not a real programming language ", "In the circle of life you can find happiness in every corner ", "What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?\nThe wheelchair", "\"Good Morning America....What are you going to be offended by today?\" ", "My girlfriend got in the shower with me. She said \"Oooh baby, I want you to do bad things to me!\" So I put shampoo in her eyes.", "Nothing is made in the USA anymore. I just bought a TV that said \"Built In Antenna\"...I don't even know where the hell that is!!! ", "Women are like fine wines. You can get them cheaper if you go abroad.", "I got a photography gig this weekend. The pay isn't great but it'll be great exposure! [deleted]", "Here's a stolen sandwich. Take a bite out of crime. ", "I just realized, shotguns are so widespread. ", "People try to make think I'm garbage, but I refuse. [deleted]", "My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where she is.", "Women are like swimming pools. Very high maintenance costs compared to the little time you'll actually spend in it. ", "Spent all of my wages on skin cream. Bit of a rash decision!", "I just explained Google images to my mum: \"Pick anything to search for\" I told her. \"What about a nice cream pie?\" She asked", "A hermit was arrested after driving a hundred miles an hour, the charge was recluse driving.", "\"Well, I've got news for you, pal, you ain't leadin' but two things right now: Jack and shit... and Jack left town.\" - Ashley Joanna Williams ", "Why was the robot mad? Because people kept pushing its buttons.", "What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer? The taste.", "I got a photography gig this weekend. It won't pay well but it'll be great exposure! ", "The inventor of the thesaurus used the words \"not good\" to describe my personality, and quite frankly, he should know better. ", "How can you tell if your wife is dead? The sex is the same but the dishes pile up.", "2 deer walk out of a gay bar. One turns to the other and says, \"I can't believe I just blew 30 bucks in there!\" ", "What's a twack? Something a twain wuns on.", "Spiderman..... Just another guy who ends up sticky hands, after using the web.\ud83d\udd78 ", "If America changed from pounds to kilograms overnight, would it create mass confusion? ", "When they told me that my friend was decapitated I just couldn't wrap my head around it... ", "I've got a dog called Curiosity.", "Ever since I became a gynecologist I\u2019ve been looking up old friends. ", "I was writing out the alphabet but I had to stop when an alemenopede went onto my page. ", "The American education system. ", "I parked my car next to a sketchy Nascar track and all my tires were stolen in 2 seconds. ", "If you only have sex with prostitutes you should be considered buysexual. ", "I loathe people who keep dogs. They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves. ", "What if soy milk is just regular milk introducing itself in Spanish?", "Is it weird my favorite part of a girl is her frontal thigh?", "What do skid marks on the toilet bowl and girlfriends have in common? They're both easy to piss off.", "If vegetarians love animals so much then why do they keep eating their food?", "I can't wait for my favorite college football team to play in the Autocorrect Blow tonight! ", "I heard on his new album, Chris Brown talks about beating Rihanna, it's called Chris Brown: Greatest Hits. [deleted]", "My artificial Christmas tree is like me: every year a little less foliage on top and a bit more dim. ", "If god didn't want women to do all the cooking, then why did he put milk and eggs inside them? ", "I hate to say it, but the paintings I have made have really put me up against the wall. ", "What does an angry pepper do? It gets jalepe\u00f1o face. ", "It's not OK to make jokes about people that try to define humour. ", "Pretty soon the only place you will be able to buy a Confederate flag will be the black market. Oh the irony.", "Dweet: (v) Tweeting while intoxocated.", "I have a fear of elevators, but I've started taking steps to avoid it. ", "Osama's last tweet: \"I didn't know Twitter could enable your location, this may be a problem\"", "The Dalai Lama is unable to transfer files via the internet, because he doesn\u2019t believe in attachments. ", "I have been chatting with my neighbors teenage daughter and she is into UFOs and Aliens. Which is really cool because tomorrow she is getting abducted. ", "Got some new underwear today, well, to me.", "Pyromaniacs are healthier than stoners because they don't have to inhale the smoke. ", "The only dream that ever comes true is one about peeing.", "Can anyone think of a good acronym for the newly formed Conservative and Unionist Negotiation Team to go to brussels? ", "Rain or shine I\u2019ll put up that roof asbestos I can ", "I'm going to walk in wearing only a timepiece on my wrist - just watch. ", "I heard it\u2019s tough to create effective mosquito repellent because you always have to start from scratch. ", "The people who make medicine clearly do not know what fruit tastes like.", "Build a man a fire, keep him warm for a day. Set a man on fire, keep him warm for the rest of his life.", "I man went into space; it took his breath away. ", "I've got it!  I've got it!  Now, for the cure...", "Our old sofa felt terrible yesterday. But now it's fully recovered", "I have never understood this whole Easter egg thing, Rabbits are mammals, aren't they? Happy Easter!", "What do you call a fat psycic? A four chin teller", "Eating a clock would be very time consuming. ", "If I see one more post about Dyslexia my Brian will buts! ", "I wish I was rich enough to eat out all the time like the homeless do ", "To whoever invented the zero: thanks for nothing.", "How do you wake up Lady Gaga? Poke her face.", "How does Batman's mum call him to dinner? \"Dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, Batman\"", "What do prime numbers and stoners have in common? The higher they are, the more spaced out they get", "When baking bread, don't throw it away, if you've burnt it.... Black Loaves Matter. ", "What do you call it when a DJ gets a blowjob while he's on the air? Radiohead", "hi 911 Ive just witnessed a murder and will tell you about it for the low price of $500 ", "Why was the dog standing still? Because he was on paws. ", "How did the burger wear it's hair? In a bun.", "What do you call a Scottish man who works in a cloakroom? Angus Mccoatup", "I decided to skip the 7 am funeral, I'm really not a mourning person. ", "A: Why are you crying? \nB: The elephant is dead. \nA: Was he your pet? \nB: No, but I'm the one who must dig his grave.", "I bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago and so far all it's been doing is gathering dust ", "Day 947 of my kid acting aggrieved that I told him to brush his teeth. [deleted]", "If you think your boss is stupid, remember: you wouldn't have a job if he was any smarter.", "They say the world is a smaller place then it used to be, but I think that\u2019s an optical illusion since I became a big fat guy. ", "\"What did the pervert olive say to the sexy olive? I hope you take olive your clothes off!\"", "Grade Digger: the chick who only talks to me for help with her classes.", "My parents divorced because my mother had an affair with a demolition man. Home wrecker!", "I saw an ad that said \u201cpersonal trainers hate this app!\u201d so I downloaded it and it was just a bunch of videos of really sweaty guys, not wiping down gym equipment ", "Marriage is like pi - natural, irrational, and very important.", "Tesla stocks aren't the only thing taking a hit this week. ", "Vitamin C deficiency is apauling.", "\u201cMay cause anal leakage\u201d isn\u2019t a side effect, it\u2019s a hole effect. ", "I\u2019ve never seen a juice box, but I hear they pack a punch. ", "Cheap Circumcisions are a rip off. ", "What did Santa say to the hooker? \"Fuck the chimney, I'm cumming down her throat!\"", "Andrew Lloyd Webber's musicals are so amazing that I always feel like I'm one of them... You know, Les Miserables... [deleted]", "I was going to give him a nasty look, but he already had one. ", "Call me old fashioned but l refuse to talk to my tv remote. ", "Paratroopers are always the fall guys. ", "I just finished designing a website for an orphanage. There isn't a home page", "What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.", "One day, I hope to write a really clever John Lennon joke, but, you may say I\u2019m a dreamer. ", "How do you tell if someone's balls are sensitive? Give them a test-tickle", "If I ate myself would I be twice as big or disappear completely?", "Canals are disgusting I wouldn't touch them with a bargepole. ", "It's a mustard world, I'm just trying to ketchup. ", "Yo Mama is so stupid she enjoys the musical stylings of Nickelback.", "My Sony receiver just told me to standby as it was turning off. Next thing you know it'll want me to hug it.", "A gentleman is a man who can play the accordion but doesn't.", "The past, the present and the future were having an argument. It was tense.", "I DIDN'T invent \"Fog Vanish Spray\" just to clear the clear. [deleted]", "Dr. Pepper is a Dr. but what kind, probably a fizzsicist ", "50% of all CEOs are bald while the other 50% are women. ", "Slow-cooking is delaying the inedible. ", "Television: A device that enables people aren't doing anything to watch people who can't do anything.", "I fell over laughing and got trapped in the trouser press. Creased myself.", "What is a Woman's favorite book? A checkbook.", "The missus accused me of being far too competitive! I said 'I'm not!, and i'll be the first to admit that'.", "If you're lost, sat-navs are the way to go. ", "with how many people hate each celebrity they should all be swarmed with ghosts haunting them ", "Someone has stolen my Microsoft Office and they are going to pay for it, you have my Word. ", "What do you call a man with a rabbit in his mouth?Warren.", "\"Last night, I was sitting so long that I had to do some stretches before I used the bathroom.\" -Corinna M", "Have faith in your ability to choose reason over faith ", "Jesus. As Jesus carried his cross, he said to everyone, \n\nDo not touch the Easter Eggs, I will be back Monday.", "My lucky golf socks have a hole in one. ", "What do you call a dictionary on drugs? High definition.", "If my boss ran like his mouth he'd be in good shape. ", "I have a gay friend who works in construction. He works in a manhole.", "I was at a wedding the other day. It was so moving, even the cake was in tiers. ", "Pedicures are often given by Vietnamese women because they speak a toe-nsil language ", "A Soviet reindeer is known as Rudolph the Red. ", "When my date said she wouldn't date anyone that was colourblind that was a massive green flag. ", "It was not my intention to offend you, that was just a bonus. ", "Pre-schoolers are like black holes, because they draw in everything around them. ", "Elton John is great at playing the piano...... But he sucks on an organ. ", "Man with two crows was charged with attempted murder. ", "People only see my chick blush but no one see my dick blush ", "If you think you have OCD, think again. ", "What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper", "No matter how much you push the envelope, it's still going to be stationery. ", "My friend who likes punching buildings was arrested for domestic abuse. ", "All of my passwords are protected by amnesia. ", "Im not Indian, but my parents had a deranged marriage. [deleted]", "I have horrible luck. The only girl in the world for me is my adopted sister.", "There are two types of people in the world: those who are tired of this joke and those who have a good sense of humor. ", "Last night my wife and I had a candle lit dinner so it was under-cooked. ", "I lost another audio-book and now I'll never hear the end of it. ", "My family wasn't that impressed with my huge pickle but to me it's kind of a big dill! ", "What do you call a gay dinosaur? Megasoreass", "What word is always pronounced incorrectly? Incorrectly.", "My date with the psychic didn't go well because she didn't see a future with me. ", "I went to see the new pirate movie - it was rated aaarrrrrrrrgh ", "What's a pirate's favorite thing to read?\nNothing, he can't.", "I hate it when people mix their metaphors, I mean come on people! It's not rocket surgery!", "I'm not saying I'm an ugly cunt, but I fucked a blind girl once who asked for the light off.", "I've just fallen through the roof of a French bakery.....I'm in a world of pain. ", "A cement mixer collided with a prison van. People are warned to be on the lookout for 15 hardened criminals.", "Mushmouth didn't really talk like that, Cosby fed him ludes. Bippity Boppity Boo. ", "I couldn't pay the exorcist so he repossessed my house ", "What do you call a woman who sounds like an ambulance? Nina.", "Organic farming is a lot of shit ", "What do you call sunscreen in Ireland? Pubs", "Fingerless gloves are pointless. ", "Today I met a guy with as many noses as days in the year! ", "Laughing at serious clown. ", "One-armed butlers: they can take it, but they can't dish it out ", "What famous pig signed the Declaration of Independence? John Hamcock!", "If my wife asked me for a double entendre, I'd give it to her. ", "The inventor of autocorrect went from zero to hero in a matter of seconds.", "Wish my wife would stop praying and just go to sleep, it's Pastor bedtime ", "when you are playfully hitting your girl but then she sues you for domestic violence ", "In France they call it a Royal Baby with cheese. ", "I don\u2019t think orphans should have a last name. What\u2019s the point of family name with no family. ", "How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Tentickles.", "The only plastic surgery I'll ever give my wife is cutting up her credit cards.", "Today I tried to buy an entire chess set at a pawn shop. ", "What do a burnt pizza, frozen beer, and a pregnant girl have in common? Someone didn't pull it out in time.", "How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Only Juan.", "I accidentally gave my girlfriend a glue stick instead of chapstick. She's still not talking to me.", "I think my local dry cleaners can repair my trousers, or at least sew it's seams.", "Tampax are releasing a limited edition, egg shaped tampon. It's for the Easter period only.", "The arms dealer walked up to the blackjack table and said I hear you're looking to deal some hands ", "I lost my welcome matt, But its okay I keep an extra one under my keys", "I may be deaf and dyslexic, but I still love to sign on Kareoke night. ", "Junk is something you\u2019ve kept for years and throw away three weeks before you need it.", "What do you call a surprised Chinese man? Ho Lee Fuk", "I got hooked on Tide Pods but I\u2019m clean now. ", "I've no idea why my dog always goes mad whenever someone comes to the front door..It's hardly ever for him.", "I think we consider too much the good luck of the early bird and not enough the bad luck of the early worm.", "Why was the 6 month old African baby crying? It was having a mid life crisis", "Why don't baseball players get much action? Because they have foul balls.", "Trump's hair is making a combback. ", "Why don't you slip into something a little more comfy, like a coma? ", "My granddad always used to say to me that the best part of fighting is the make-up sex, which probably explains his short-lived career as a boxer. ", "I've been wearing surgical gloves because of Covid-19, and now I don't feel very well. ", "I won $3million in last night's lottery. I am going to donate a quarter of it to charity. Now I have $2,999,999.75 ", "As an executioner, I hung a lot of people that were squares. Now I'd like to hang around. ", "I went into IKOP stoned as a kid and instead of asking smoking or non the greater just stared and said \"SMOOOKING????\" [deleted]", "Two wrongs make a riot.", "The new corduroy pillow is really making headlines ", "Decaffeinated coffee is like a hooker that only wants to cuddle.", "What do you call a cow that has had an abortion? Decaffeinated", "I know the first thing about BDSM until I found someone willing to show me the ropes. ", "I doubt scientists like dubstep, none of them like to drop the base. .", "Why were ET's eyes so big? He saw the phone bill.", "Starting with nothing you can either be shameless or penniless ", "The only exercise I've been getting lately is skipping the gym. ", "My ex girlfriend was a girl called Anna Sthetic. She was a right knockout.", "Bosses are like slinkies. Never fun unless you seem them fall down the stairs.", "What's the difference between being hungry and being horny? Where you put the cucumber.", "A dildo is the sex toy most likely to be referenced in a hobbit rap battle ", "I\u2019m looking forward to a female, an octogenarian, a black and a Chinese 007 because I like to diversify my Bonds. ", "I asked Siri for a Rolling Stones song. She played the live version of it. I guess you cant always get what you want. ", "The magical tractor went down the road and turned into a field. ", "I tried calling the tinnitus helpline, but it just kept ringing. ", "You know what I find odd? Numbers that aren't divisible by 2.", "I made a Facebook page for Chinese Nazis. It has three reichs already. ", "I don't like when my cab driver goes the extra mile for me. ", "read and lead rhyme, read and lead rhyme, however read and lead dont rhyme same with read and lead ", "Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 8 9.", "I always take two shirts golfing just in case I get a hole in one. ", "My girlfriend kept going on about how much she loves drunken holiday sex.. Worst postcard ever!", "My therapist said I should stop referring to myself as garbage, but I REFUSE. ", "Once I saw a truck sign which said \"Truck Drivers wanted. Over 2000lbs\" And I thought, where can they even find such heavy drivers?... ", "Inspecting mirrors is a job I could really see myself doing. ", "I don't understand how crows can fly so straight when there's so many crow bars around.", "I hope the asshole who stole my antidepressants is happy now! ", "Women are like hurricanes. First they blow you and then you lose your house.", "I said I was a nihilist, wasn't expecting \"Yeah Egyptian stuff is cool\". ", "someone called me gay for wearing heels the other day..but I was not going to wear tennis shoes with that dress.", "Kids are selling chocolate at my school to pay for their prom tickets. I considered prostitution, but then I remembered you can\u2019t sell something nobody wants to buy. ", "What do Rhinoceroses have that no other animal on earth has? Baby Rhinoceroses.", "My doctor told me I desperately needed to lose 100 pounds to better my health so I bought 50 National Lottery Lotto tickets from England. ", "Hovercrafts are fan-sea vehicles. ", "People who truly love their 6 pack abs, will protect them with a layer of fat. ", "\"I Love Maths\" By Adam Up.", "Some people say that the dolphin trainers at Sea World are irresponsible, and that they cause harm on porpoise. ", "A lot of brave men fought and died in San Antonio, Texas, which is Alamo reason to remember. ", "Just read an article about tunnels and subway construction, it was really boring ", "There are plenty of fish in the sea, but until I catch one I'm stuck here holding my rod. ", "Acupuncturists are a bunch of backstabbers. ", "Why is it that when you transport something by car, its called a shipment, but when you transport something by ship, its called cargo?", "Why did the snowman take his pants off? He heard the snow blower was coming.", "What's the heaviest soup in Asia? Wonton soup. ", "Booty lies in the ass of beholder. ", "America is the only place where people go hunting on a full stomach. ", "I love elevator jokes. They work on so many levels.", "The amount of feet in a yard depends on how many people are standing on it. ", "I get a kick out of riding horses. ", "Did you hear about the guy who went bankrupt in the laundry business? He says he's all washed up.", "The broom having a bad day because he didn\u2019t get enough sweep. ", "How are peanut butter and jelly related? They're inbred", "When a women says 'What?' it's not because she didn't hear you. Shes giving you a chance to change what you said.", "I may not be the only egomaniac on Reddit, but I'm the only one that matters. ", "To burp or not to burp, that's indigestion. ", "What do you call it when a chameleon won't change colors? A reptile dysfunction", "It isn't an optical illusion. It just looks like one.", "My one friend is republican we cant agree on anything but hes all right. ", "Hey, it's not like I just sit around on the weekends getting drunk, I drunk on weeknights too. ", "I bought a dehumilifier to help take care of the cringeworthy memories problem ", "Candle I could\u2019ve keep the candle lit. Guess I blew it.", "Did Noah include termites on the ark?", "I put root beer in a square mug, and now I have beer. ", "I'm addicted to sitcoms from the 90's, it's a vicious Urkel. ", "How can I forgive and forget if I'm neither Jesus nor have Alzheimers? ", "I did my personal best in the 100 metres.yesterday....... 85 metres. ", "How many Millennials are in a Fortnight? ", "Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes.that way, you are a mile away from them, and you have their shoes.", "Say what you want about deaf people... ", "A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing. ", "I heard the Jason Aldean concert in Vegas was really mind-blowing! [deleted]", "My assignment in baking class this week was a piece of cake. ", "How do you keep an idiot in suspense?", "Kiss me if I'm wrong. But dinosaurs still exist right?", "Engayed: The term used when two gays are engaged or want to become married.", "I used to be very indecisive!! But now I'm not so sure.", "The difference between Capitalism and Communism In Capitalism , Man exploits Man\nIn Communism , it's the other way around", "If my friend asks me to keep a secret, and says, \"Don't tell a soul,\" can I still tell my ginger friend?", "What if oxygen lowers your voice and helium brings it back to normal?", "My math teacher asked me: \"Do you understand inequalities?\" I replied: \"More or less.\"", "Solid, liquid, gas - they all matter. ", "I bought a Prince CD today. Cost me \u00a320, but I partied like it was \u00a319:99.", "Hear about the cross-eyed teacher? She just couldn't control her pupils.", "I tried to quit heroin, but my attempt ended in vein. ", "First thing tomorrow I am going to put an end to my procrastination. ", "A dwarf got pick-pocketed the other day. How could they stoop so low?", "Jet lag is a terminal illness. ", "What do you get when you cross a a rooster and a hoot owl? A cock that stays up all night.", "I saw a sign that said Falling Rocks so I tried and it didn't. ", "She's such a slut that I bet she's been slapped by more balls than an NBA backboard. ", "I ordered a loaded baked potato that came with bullets and a bong on the side ", "I'm an accountant, but I don't know how to make a penny. ", "Have you heard of extreme camping? It's intense. ", "Why can't T-Rex clap its hands? Because they're extinct.", "Have you guys heard the story about the butter? You know what, never mind. I don't want to spread it around. ", "Essential Collusiants, L.L.C. ", "Hooters, but instead of skimpy outfits, they have good food ", "Don't bring an axe to a circumcision. It always creates a bad impression. ", "How many immature people does it take to change a lightbulb? Your Mother!", "Just paid \u00a35 for a strip of Velcro. What a rip off!", "I recently took a pole and found that 100% of the people in the tent were angry when it collapsed. ", "I remember when my Mom used to tuck me in. She really wanted a daughter. ", "I used to be a wrestler, I would get a guy in a head lock and write my name on their forehead..It was my signature move.", "Lonely gynecologists should look up a friend. ", "Think of life like counting numbers; stop at nothing to avoid negativity. ", "Did you hear that the Dalai Lama has a gambling addiction? He just loves Tibet.", "I used to have a job as a drill operator. It was well boring.", "Some of my most cultured jokes are about yogurt. ", "Poor grammar makes me [sic] ", "Did you know 86% of all statistics are completely made-up? [removed]", "The sign language shop has a statue of a pink horse by its front door, which I guess is open for interpretation. ", "I've finally stopped drinking for good. Now I drink for evil", "I wonder why I'm walking on train rails. Then it hit me.", "I don't like jokes about prostitutes with STDs; they're cheap. [deleted]", "I found a testicle from a computer generated character. It must be symbolic ", "I work for the NHS dealing with moving patients between different areas of the hospital..It's a re-warding job.", "I've never believed in all that astrology rubbish, but then again we Capricorns have always been a skeptical lot. ", "If a goat was in fact a goat it will still be called a goat ", "My friend promised to play golf, but he didn't know how to follow through. ", "Forcing Latinos to speak English in place of their native Latin is just plain wrong. ", "Shop assistants hate it when you ask them if they have any gluten-free gluten. ", "Marriage: Assisted Suicide.", "I\u2019m teaching 50 dogs how to play trumpet and drums. Just another bandwaggin ", "She sells sea shells by the sea shore..Surely that's the worst possible place to try and sell shells..", "1. Denial 2. Anger 3. Bargaining 4. Depression 5. Acceptance ... The 5 stages of buying gasoline.", "I have ten arms, eight legs and 22 feet. what am I? A liar.", "How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to hold the giraffe, and the other to fill the bathtub with brightly colored machine tools.", "What do women and Google have in common?  They both can't ever let you finish a sentence without making a suggestion.", "That awkward moment between birth and death. ", "They say there are a lot of scammers on the Internet! And for only $19.95 a month I can show you how to stop them!", "My grandfather gave me some sound advice on his deathbed. He said \"It's worth spending money on a good set of speakers\"", "As his son left for school, the buffalo yelled out, \"Bison!\" ", "Legume makes a leg out of you and me. [deleted]", "Life is a dead end. ", "My wife left me because she said it was annoying how I related everything in life to batman. What a Joker.", "My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I wanted a second opinion, so he replied, \"okay, you're ugly, too.\" [deleted]", "Went to confession, that priest didn't confess to shit! [deleted]", "As a Scarecrow, people say I'm outstanding in my field. ", "Rose bushes make me so thorny. ", "What's a ghosts favorite dessert? Ice Scream.", "The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself \"This changes everything\".", "My dad is sick of me making fun of his amputation, but really I love him from head to stump. ", "This girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club, but I'd never met herbivore. ", "The last time I was someone\u2019s type, I was donating blood. ", "The borg started assimilating me but before they could I used their tech to assimilate them ", "I bet You I can stop gambling.", "Watt is the unit of power? ", "in 2016 i did a lot of sh*t, but the worst thing I've done was your mom ", "If I objectify and beat my girlfriend, is it substance abuse? [deleted]", "Shout out to all sidewalks; for keeping me off the streets. ", "Went to a chemist yesterday and said to the pharmacist \"Excuse me I'm after some condoms\" \"Just a minute\" he replied. I said\"Yes thats them\"", "I thought I knew the dead camponologist, but it was just a dead ringer. [deleted]", "My water inlet is a child and my baby is a water inlet! [deleted]", "My dyslexia has reached a new owl.", "Australians don't have sex, Australians mate ", "Invisible ink is hard to see. Especially if it's written on invisible paper. ", "I think I'm having a no-life crisis.", "I added one to a binary number It totally flipped its bit!", "What do you call a black man selling drugs? A pharmacist, you racist.", "A friend had a rare reaction to cheese and had to have part of his foot amputated... he now has a major lactose problem. ", "Of course men can multitask, we read on the toilet.", "Today at lunch I saw a beer tap that said \"Nut Brown Ale\" and I thought to myself if I could do that I'd be famous. ", "What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable? The wheelchair", "I broke my psychic's crystal ball. It cost me a fortune.", "They need to change the national bird to Kentucky Fried Chicken.", "The investigation into a farmers allotment having a new even spread of soil put on top has received new evidence...the plot thickens... ", "Last night I got my laxatives mixed up with my viagra tablets. I didn't know whether I was coming or going.", "What has a lot of keys but can not open any doors?\nA piano.", "Unfortunately I lost my Korean friend the other day. So Yung. She was my Seoul mate.", "\"You have made a heavy mistake\" said the nurse as she weighed the baby ", "My girlfriend cried the day I proposed to her on an escalator. It was moving.", "My Contacts have been very irritating lately, so I deleted them off my phone .", "Get rich quick scheme Stand outside theatres this weekd and ask people for 5 bucks in exchange of not spoiling the end of Endgame for them.", "You really gotta hand it to short people for being so down to earth. ", "I absolutely hate my mother-in-law. She's actually quite a nice person, but she brought my wife into the world.", "Why did Lionel clean his room? Because it was Messi.", "Did you hear the one about the three deep holes in the ground? Well? well? well?", "What's the difference between jam and marmalade? I can't marmalade my dick in a hooker's asshole.", "What would we do if we didn't have question marks. ", "In the year 2021, we will all have 2020 hindsight. ", "I woke up this morning and found out that I'd turned into a cat, but don't ask meow. ", "Every Scooby-Doo episode would literally be two minutes long if the gang went to the mask store first and asked a few questions ", "\"Youre single, I'm single, you know what that means ? Nobody wants us.\" ", "What do Hillbillies do for Halloween... Pump-kin. ", "Hey, nice name, did your parents pick it out for you? ", "If you are an American in the living room, what are you in the bathroom? European", "I've just been given a pack of playing cards covered in strawberry jam..I'm finding them very had to deal with.", "Keeping tropical fish in your home has a calming effect on the brain because of the indoor fins. ", "I was asked if I wanted to open a joint account... Which is an interesting marketing strategy for a weed dispensary. ", "On a trip to Dubai I traded my wife for 40 Camels...I usually smoke Marlboros but hey, a deals a deal! ", "I was playing chess with my friend and he said, 'Let's make this interesting'. So we stopped playing chess. ", "What happened when customers complained about the bright lights in the Chinese restaurant? The manager decided to dim sum.", "My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a life ban from the zoo.", "I dropped 30 lbs over the summer. \"oh yeah? And what happened to your foot?\" that's where I dropped the 30 lb sandbag.", "Imagine you're a centipede and your feet fell asleep. ", "Vegetarians eat vegetables;I'm a humanitarian", "You haven't been yourself lately. We've all noticed the improvement. [deleted]", "Saying that this isn\u2019t a one liner is is offensive to someone with a stutter.", "Massive meteor strikes New York City as meteors everywhere demand higher wages ", "Hi.. I'm Shirley Temple and I'm a non-alcoholic ", "When my grandfather began to lose his teeth he sure complained a lot, but it was all bark no bite. ", "Friends come and go, but enemies tend to accumulate.", "If reincarnation is true then the death penalty is letting criminals loose on the world ", "I got in the car with my drug dealer the other day. He drove around slowly for a while, before picking up speed.", "Did you hear about the Mexican train killer? He had loco motives", "Why do only 9/10 dentists recommend Crest toothpaste? The last dentist is busy killing a lion.", "The \"National Tell A Lie Day\" was just another day for every politician.", "I always wanted to be a Gregorian monk, but I never got the chants. ", "I hate how lazy I am. I would change myself, but that\u2019s a lot of work. ", "Did you know 80% of Chinese have cataracts? The other 20% drive Rincolns.", "What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite. ", "If you urinate in a pair of swim goggles and strap them to your face you won't need Instagram anymore.", "I don't think my piano instructor cares... He doesn't give a sheet.", "Doctor said I had jelly, custard and sponge in my ears. Explains why I was a trifle deaf.", "FFS, I have just accidentally swallowed one of my cats worming tablets, don't ask meow !! ", "Listen, I like being first in line as much as the next guy. ", "If you think seven years bad luck for breaking a mirror is bad, try breaking a condom. ", "Someone tell me what delegate means. [deleted]", "Rappers get to retire on diss ability. ", "Do you think that when realtors show the last house to potential buyers say \"Last and certainly not Leased\"? ", "I only trust people who like big butts.\n\nCause they can not lie.", "When they drop the ball in Times Square it'll be a nice reminder of what I did all year. ", "Crane drivers have uplifting pick-up lines. ", "they kept thanking me so I said dont be so graditudeous ", "What have David Beckham and Ferrero Rocher got in common? They both come in a posh box.", "I have a vision, I just don\u2019t know what it looks like. ", "MH17 went down in the spirit of the flying dutchman ", "The worst thing about being an Uber driver is all the people talking behind your back. ", "What did Barack Obama say when he dropped his shell at the beach? Oh no Michelle!", "My girlfriend is absolutely beautiful, with a body like a Greek statue - completely pale, no arms. ", "Can you help me with a one liner about Great Danes? ", "I don't know a lot about politics, but I can recognise a good party when I see one.", "''No one ever notices I use two apostrophes in place of my quotes.'' - Me ", "There's a high demand for drugs. ", "Give me immortality, or give me death! ", "Today I was asked how I view lesbian relationships. Apparently \"in HD\" wasn't the right answer.", "If feet could talk, they\u2019d tell you how they understand. ", "If you play a country album backwards a guys truck gets fixed, gets a girlfriend, and his dog coming back to life. ", "I'm so broke I can't even afford to pay attention ", "I spilled spot remover on my dog, now he's gone ", "Why is Def Leppard the best band to listen to while driving? Because you only need one arm to drum along", "Shouldn't life insurance really be called death insurance? ", "The man who farts in church sits in his own pew. ", "Technophobes won't get this joke. ", "Quitting your job after having a baby should be called Eternity Leave. ", "An insect flew into our kitchen last night, flew around and then exploded. I think it was a jihadi long legs.", "I have a small penis. (not sure whose?) ", "I got my cock out for the wife \"Do you like my new piercing?\" After a few seconds she said \"Wheres the piercing then?\" I said \"In my ear\".", "Drywipe boards... They're remarkable! ", "I know it's cheesy, but I feel grate! ", "I work as a waiter. The pay isn't great but I put food on the table.", "My ultimate goal in life is to achieve immortality or die trying. ", "Carl Otis Lutz ", "Why is an elephant big, grey and wrinkly? Cos if it was small, white and smooth it would be an aspirin.", "Turn a regular sofa into a sofa bed by simply forgetting your wife\u2019s birthday. ", "I went to the library. I said,\"Can I borrow a book about suicide?\" The guy said,\"We did have one, but we never got it back.\"", "I like hate people saying things like like all the time like ", "'Yesterday, I went to the zoo. There was only one dog there, it was a shitzu.' ", "I wasn't stealing, officer, in just wasn't shopping traditionally.", "Having sex while camping must be fucking in tents ", "One of my friends is a really hardcore raver. She keeps trying to make me rave with her, and she won't techno for an answer.", "I\u2019m thinking about moving to Switzerland, so I made a list of pros and cons. First on my pros list was the flag, cause it\u2019s a big plus. ", "I was sick of my job in jousting equipment sales so I've started freelancing. ", "There is something wrong with the law, I think it's broken. ", "I hate it when people show a strong dislike to something. ", "My best mate told me to treat his house as if it were my own. So I sold it.", "I Googled 'Welsh porn' and found EweTube. ", "Sorry about my voice, I was talking about buying a pony for my daughter and got a little horse. ", "A book fell on Sean Connery's head. He replies \"I only have my shelf to blame\".", "Before you criticize someone\u2026 \u2026walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and have their shoes!", "Wife said \"if u get a tattoo make sure u have it done in a place that doesn't matter\" So I'm off to Norwich...", "Whats green, slimy and smells like ham? Kermit the Frog's finger.", "\u202aThe trouble with scolding your cat is that when you tell them to knock it off, they generally do.\u202c ", "I've got a phobia of inventing phobias. [deleted]", "Robbers, men of steal. ", "I just got back from the Front. ", "I think people in India's cities are quite horny, just listen to the traffic... ", "The brain is the only organ in the body to have named itself [deleted]", "Elvis Presley was clearly illiterate. It's L for Las Vegas, Not V!", "Me: People say I've got a special way of lighting up the roomJudge: It's called arson and those people are witnesses.", "Babies are as much fun to make as they are to eat. ", "Driving past a field and saw a scarecrow trying to have a wank. I thought \"That scarecrow is clutching at straws.\"", "I'm less nervous about getting the coronavirus than I would be about landing a role on Glee. ", "A lot of drunk guys hit on ugly women, but I'm not like them - I'm not drunk. ", "support your local hooker at his fish restaurant ", "Tried to look up blurry in the dictionary, but it wasn't very clear.", "Obese loners are hugely irrelevant. ", "Among men, length of marriage correlates positively with hair loss.", "What's the worst part about having sex with Marilyn Monroe? Maggots.", "I wrote a song about tortilla. Actually it's more of a wrap.", "What's black and white and red all over?  An embarassed zebra.", "In Africa, I saw two small insects running away to get married on an antelope. ", "The only thing flat earthers have to fear is sphere itself ", "There's 364 more days until Christmas and people already have their Christmas lights up. Unbelievable.", "LOL has gone from laugh out loud to there's nothing left to say.", "I handle change well by putting it into the parking meter. ", "Every year for Christmas I ask Satan to cure me of my dyslexia. ", "I just bought a calendar and now my days are numbered. ", "I only play the beginning of games. It builds character ", "I just told my friend that I am going to be a comedian--he laughed at me. I'm off to a good start!", "Wife gets naked and asks hubby 'What turns you on more, my pretty face or my sexy body?' Hubby looks at her and replies'Your sense of humour!'", "Did you hear about the pancake that went on a killing spree? He just flipped.", "Only two things are necessary to keep one's wife happy.One is to let her think she is having her own way,and the other is to let her have it", "I knew graffiti cleanup would be tough when I saw the writing on the wall. ", "My girlfriend and I just watched a whole season of Game of Thrones back to back - luckily I was the one facing the TV. ", "Why didn't the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe!", "It seems 2020 is directed by ROBERT B. WEIDE ", "The first guy who persuaded a blind person they needed sunglasses - he must have been a hell of a salesman.", "Scientific research says that main reason for divorce is marriage in 100% cases ", "Whenever I get brainfreeze, I just eat some road salt to make it melt faster ", "I'd be lost without my G.P.S. ", "When Someone Asks What It's Like To Be Dead? It's like watching every Kevin Costner movie he ever starred in.", "Wife to husband: \"let's go out and have some fun tonight\". Husband: \"OK, but if you get home before I do, leave the hall light on\"", "If I was a pig, I'd get a tattoo of a coin slot on my back.", "People like to talk smack about American politicians, but the truth is, we have the best politicians that money can buy. ", "The furniture store keeps calling me back, but all I wanted was that one nightstand. ", "The word \"cyclops\" should be spelt \"cycliops\" so that it has one \"I\". ", "Did you hear about those new corduroy pillowcases? They're making headlines..", "The word 'conspiracy' has the word 'piracy' in it...coincidence? I think not! ", "Every homophone joke sounds the same to me. ", "I've been learning how to lift weights, but it's not easy to pick up. ", "Sherlock Holmes goes to the bathroom by process of elimination. ", "My roommate's diary says I have boundary issues.", "/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest! (#8, October 2017) [deleted]", "Why was tigger's head in the toilet? He was looking for pooh! ", "When you buy a bigger bed you have more bed room but less bedroom. ", "What kind of moron invented the fire blanket? Surely fire is warm enough already?..", "If you fire a gun into the wind, you could say that you were shooting the breeze. ", "Venison for dinner again? Oh deer! ", "The Dancing Raisins were the sultanas of swing. ", "If 'being obnoxious' was an Olympic event you'd win every time!", "All exorcism is: B(r)east Reduction", "What do tight pants and a cheap hotel have in common? No ballroom.", "I invented a new word.. Plagiarism ", "When life gives Charlie Sheen lemons, he fucks them and gives them lemon-aids", "I was talking to a North African girl in her native language and we really clicked. [deleted]", "What do you call a sheep with no legs?\nA cloud", "My mate dug a hole in the garden and filled it with water...I think he meant well.", "People who say \"Give it 100%\" haven't ever donated blood, have they?", "Birth Control? Yeah - I just use my face. ", "When I said I was positive I meant HIV ", "You can blow bubbles, but you\u2019ll never blow me. ", "What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea? I've never begged to have a lentil on my face.", "Games that involve throwing a 2 kilo circular object as far as possible have no place at the Olympics. Discus.", "Some pronounce it as gif, others say gif but the correct way is actually gif ", "Men at 26 plays football, Men at 40 plays tennis, Men at 60 plays golf, have you noticed every time you get older, your balls gets smaller?", "Where do you find a zebra? 25 letters after A, bra.", "Tell your friend to say OPness. It means over powered ", "Shittyideas ", "If I had an ear for every gender there was. Oh wait, I do", "What happens when you give a politician Viagra? He gets taller. ", "A clown has been sacked for turning up late for his job at the circus. He is suing for funfair dismissal.", "Want to hear a joke about pizza? Nevermind, it's too cheesy. ", "You cant hate something until you try it. [deleted]", "I'd be pretty darn cool if I weren't so cocky yet self critical ", "If god is like a factory owner, he wants you as his robots to work automaticly without any interaction from him ", "My last girlfriend couldn't accept my obsession with horoscopes. In the end it Taurus apart. ", "What's brown and sticky? ........A stick. .", "I have such bad memory I was gonna make a joke about it and I lost my train of thought ", "I always thought you had a pubic hair until you pissed out of it. Nt", "After finding 5 Mars bars, 3 Snickers, a Kit Kat and a bag of M&amp;M's, I'm starting to think, I'm not cut out to be a Bounty hunter. ", "About 3 people die every second, so what makes the tragedy you just mentioned more deserving of attention than them? ", "Did you hear about the two radio antennas that got married? \nThe wedding was terrible, but the reception was excellent!", "No one makes a bigger deal about driving to work than firetrucks.", "Gravity doesn't exist: the earth sucks.", "Q. Where do fags park?\n\nA. In the rear.", "A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well known, then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.", "Periods are a bloody waste of fucking time. (From r/jokes comments)", "My new theory on inertia doesn't seem to be gaining momentum. ", "I know you believe you understand what you think I said... but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant.", "My new dissertation thesis and title: \"Lifetime TV: Why 'Women's Television' has set American Women's Suffrage Back 100 Years.\" ", "public nudity is illegal cuz some people cant control themselves when they see it, not cuz the nude people cant control themselves ", "\"Abolish ICE\" is the lefts slogan on immigration and the rights slogan on global warming. ", "What do you call a leper in a hot tub? Stu", "The main thing I learned in high school was how to text without being caught.", "I was going to make a gay joke, buttfuck it. ", "When I post a joke and nobody rates it, I just presume they all died from laughter. ", "How do you milk sheep? Release another iPhone.\ud83d\udcf2 ", "Chemistry jokes are Sodium funny.", "I went to a record shop and I asked 'What have you got by The Doors?' He said: 'A bucket of sand and a fire blanket!'", "I invented the cold air balloon but it never really took off. ", "Knock, Knock. Who's there? Euripides. Euripides who? Euripides trouser, you menda these trousers.", "Coffee\u2019s good, but it\u2019s not my cup of tea. ", "I have a photographic memory, it's just out of film.", "Who says Divine people dont have a sense of humor, they made me didn't they?", "Sometimes I watch football holding a PlayStation controller just to screw with girlfriends head.", "A local movie theater was robbed of $600 worth of merchandise. The suspects stole 3 medium popcorns, 1 bag of skittles and 4 small diet cokes.", "Why do you never make fun of a fat girl with a lisp? She's probably thick and tired of it", "Nothing in my life ever works out, so why should I ? ", "It must suck to be a Hoover [deleted]", "I am not a foodie but i have a knack of being cheesy ", "My grandma is what you\u2019d call a real \u201cmom\u2019s mom\u201d. ", "I\u2019m not racist, racism is a crime and only black people are criminals.. ..", "What did the biologist wear on his first date? Designer genes.", "I wish school was as easy as half the girls that go there.", "I used to be in a band called Missing Cat... you\u2019ve probably seen our posters. ", "Why buy shampoo when real poo is still free.", "If you were born in September, its pretty safe to assume your parents started out the New Year with a Bang!", "Santa's sack is so large because he only comes once a year ", "The greatest thing about most politicians is if they win the others lose ", "Adultery is a sin-You can't have your Kate and Edith too! ", "I went to a RV park, but when I saw that there was no outlet, I cried. ", "My mate is a professional jester, but he's currently out of work. He's nobody's fool!", "The best part about dead baby jokes is they ever get old", "My dad told me to stop using self deprecating humor, I told him I'm nothing without it. ", "Don't steal, the government doesn't want any competition.", "Beauty is in the eye of the hurricane. ", "thats racist against the Human race ", "When a quarterback loses their job are they sacked? ", "Cow farts come from the dairy-air. ", "All flat earthers come around at some point. ", "Just found out that \"elbows\" is not Spanish for \"the bows\". ", "Geology rocks! ", "Bad Baby and Good Baby Mcdonals HAPPY MEAL vs SURPRISE MEAL! Funny Kids [removed]", "What noise does a nut make when it sneezes? Cashew.", "People are saying my shoes are on the wrong feet but these are the only feet I have. ", "I only believe in 12.5% of the bible, which makes me an eighth theist. ", "He asked me where I wanted to have a piercing, and I completely forgot, it was at the tip of my tongue. ", "What's made of brass and sounds like Tom Jones? Trombones.", "I don't have the words to describe losing my dictionary. ", "Why do rednecks like Halloween? Because they can Pump-Kin.", "You must have been born on a highway cos' that's where most accidents happen. ", "In the world of good vs evil, I am Switzerland ", "There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.", "I\u2019ve been thinking of writing a mystery novel or have I? ", "So my girlfriend told me to choose between our relationship and my career as a reporter. Well I've got some news for her.", "Did you hear about the Italian chef with a terminal illness? He pastaway.", "Yo mama is so poor she has the ducks throw bread at her.", "Did you hear a Payless Shoe Source got looted in Ferguson? The only thing left were the work boots.", "Hunter sees a sign on the road saying \"Bear Left\" so he goes home. ", "When pornstars punch out for lunch are they considered off the cock? ", "Why are four legged animals bad dancers? Cos they have two left feet.", "After 8 beers I was dangerously weaving in the middle of the road, I guess it's probably safer to make the basket at home. ", "Communist jokes are only funny if everyone gets them. ", "Mercedes is the Cadillac of cars. ", "My girlfriend is a porn star. She is going to be so pissed off when she finds out.", "Boredom is an anagram of bedroom.\u00a0My wife gets this.", "Wise men don't need advice. Fools won't take it.", "My dad is a real motherfucker. ", "Wall, wall, wall... if it isn't a 3-sided building.", "Why did the bike fall over? Because it was two tired ", "My parents told me they didn't have children. Are you as confused as I am?", "T-rex's are extraordinary as they usually drink coffee ", "Badbye [removed]", "How do you fix a massive violin? Chellotape", "Breaking News: Pedigree Chum have gone bust! They've called in the retrievers.", "I have kleptomania, but it's okay. I'm taking something for it.", "I have no problems with buying tampons. I am a fairly modern man. But apparently they're not a 'proper' present.", "The good thing about life is that even if you're crap at it, you're guaranteed at least two certificates.", "2 words. Pain hurts.", "I earn my income taking care of horses, it\u2019s nothing special but it\u2019s a stable job. ", "If you\u2019re always positive you\u2019re gonna hate your STD test results. ", "I like to think that every room in my house is a living room. ", "Even the most authentic smartphones are phoney. ", "How can you tell if you're at a bulimic bachelor party? The cake jumps out of the girl.", "I regret pouring so much ketchup in my eyes, but Heinz sight is 20/20. ", "\"Well, that was boring ass fuck.\", the porn addict sighed after watching yet another anal scene. ", "Why did Pee Wee Herman win the annual bass fishing contest? Experts say it's because he was a master baiter.", "I've fallen in love with a pencil and we're getting married and I can't wait to introduce my parents to my bride 2B. ", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Cargo. Cargo who? No Car go vroom vroom.", "My mate went to a charity night for women born without legs, he said the place was crawling with fanny!", "A small part of me thinks my girlfriend is sexually unsatisfied. ", "The early bird shits on my porch before he catches the worm! ", "I wonder how many floppy disks it took North Korea to store all of Sony's information on... ", "Today, after years of complaining about his joint problems, my uncle is finally out of rehab. ", "I was once caught with drugs in highschool and the teacher made me do 100 lines. ", "\"Low cut blouses will be looked down upon in this establishment.\" ", "Drinking androids join alcoholics autonomous. ", "I don't do any more drugs...I don't do any less drugs either. ", "I never let my children listen to jazz or classical music. It's full of sax and violins.", "My pencil isn't prone to making Freudian Slips, but my penis.", "What does Barbie like to do at Halloween? Pump Ken", "Statistically 6 out of 7 dwarfs aren't happy.", "I've just had a ploughman's lunch. He wasn't very happy about it.", "A 9 year old girl has vanished after using a revolutionary new cream which makes you look 10 years younger. ", "My calculator is missing the minus button but, on the plus side, it still works.", "I hate to admit it, my wife's cooking has seriously improved. That was the best slice of soup I've ever had. ", "I'm not saying Michael Jackson was guilty. But if I was a billionaire paedophile, I'd buy a funfair for my back garden.", "2 Thai birds asked me to join them for a threesome. It was just like winning the Lottery. We had 6 matching balls.", "My doctor insists that the cure for obesity is as easy as taking candy from a baby. ", "How Long is a Chinese man's name.. ", "I woke up with a face full of rice. I must've fallen asleep as soon as my head hit the pilau.", "I'm afraid that one day when I meet God, he'll sneeze and I won't know what to say. ", "What is it called when you kill your friend? Homiecide.\n\nOr murder", "Someone once asked me \"penny for your thoughts\", to which I said \"I think that's pretty cheap, where's my penny?\" ", "Police are looking for a man on suspicion of beastiality. He was last seen yesterday at 10:00am getting into a Jaguar..", "@doctormoose6 you've left?", "The poet, poorly spoke... The audience, disgruntled... With rot did bombard ", "The grapes I bought last week went bad. Some people want to blame society, I blame the parents. ", "I go to the gym almost everyday... almost Monday, almost Tuesday...\ufeff ", "My imaginary friend smells of weed. [deleted]", "Thieves have broken into my house and stolen everything except my soap, shower gel, towels and deodorant. The dirty bastards!", "The good news is that I dethatched the lawn. The bad news is thats all the lawn is made of.", "\u202aEver since I swallowed those caterpillars I've been getting butterflies in my stomach.\u202c ", "\"The last thing I want to do is get us killed\" I said as I drove into oncoming traffic. (Hopefully this counts as a oneliner, my apologies if it doesn't)", "I don't like birthdays. Too many will kill you.", "Midget psychic escaped from prison! Newspaper headline reads; Small Medium at Large.", "What's the square root of 69? Eight something.", "Hey, I lost my phone. If you find it, call or text me, would ya?", "I can't name any nouns. ", "Sometimes wisdom doesn't come with age, sometimes just age likes to show up.", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Dumbell. Dumbell who? Dumb bell doesn't work so I had to knock.", "I\u2019m glad I know sign language, It\u2019s pretty handy. ", "My mom had trouble giving birth to me because I was an overweight baby... that\u2019s right, I was a stuck-up-cunt. ", "I think McDonald's only truthful menu item is the No. 2", "The world record for biggest gender reveal party was in 1945 when Japan found out the United States had a Little Boy [deleted]", "What do you get when you cross a Mexican with an octopus? I don't know, but it can sure pick lettuce", "It must be tough to be a landscaper. They're always leaving for work. ", "My builder kept hinting that he was going to replace my faulty driveway, but he wouldn't give me anything concrete. ", "Today I looked at my wife and thought: This is the only investment which has doubled in my lifetime.", "Giraffes look like horses when they're not aroused. ", "Velcro. What a rip-off!", "What's the difference between jam and jelly? You can't jelly your dick up your girlfriend's arse!", "I would love to have a battle of witts with you, but it seems that you have come unarmed.", "Difference between Believer and Atheist is latter still on God's to-do list. branee net 003-Age-Matters.html#3", "I found out the guy who invented the flush toilet was named Thomas Crapper ", "Tried anal once, not all it's cracked up to be. ", "Why is chili so annoying? Because it's always Jalope\u00f1o business.", "Mary Rose sat on a nail Mary rose.", "I want to dress up as something really scary this year for Halloween....So, I am dressing up as a phone battery at 2%.\ud83c\udf83 ", "If your girlfriend stops the other team from kicking a goal she may be a keeper ", "I don't like it when my girlfriend sells herself short, which is why I suggest that she wears high heels. ", "If sex with animals wasnt great, it would be legal and people just wouldnt do it [deleted]", "Time flies when you're throwing clocks. ", "Did you hear about the guy who bought a sponge door? Can't knock it.", "javascript:void(0) ", "\u201cIs your new horse well-behaved Charles?\u201d\n\u201cOh, yes Phil. When we come to a fence, he stops and lets me go over first.\u201d", "When aliens gave us aids-free zones, i wish i hadnt eaten the burger with free aids ", "What do you call a female peacock? A peacunt.", "You guys hear the one about the insecure comedian? never mind, you probably won't won't laugh.", "When people tell me to make myself at home, I begin to yell invariably at the tv.", "Math jokes aren't funny. Nothing about math is funny. Math is a sin.", "I used to be friends With a bunch of chemists who loved jokes about noble gases, but most of them argon now.", "I started a business building yachts in my attic and sails are through the roof! ", "The tetris pieces are all possible shapes of 4 squares [deleted]", "Who's in charge of the hankies? The handkerchief..", "My parents are omnipotent. In other words, they are all-no-ing.", "Alcohol...because sometimes the truth needs a laxative. ", "I like humour like my coffee... except that I don't drink coffee. ", "I like to consider myself to be a thoughtful person, but I try not to think about it. ", "COVID-19: The pandemic that causes funeral homes to have a 'back to school' sale. ", "Hear the one about the miscarriage? I overheard it yesterday. The joke was funny but the delivery was all wrong", "I'm not ignoring you, I'm pretending you're dead.", "I am so tried of auto correct jokes ", "the ocean is salty because the beach never waves back ", "I can't believe it's pancake Tuesday again. Honestly, it just cr\u00eaped up on me.", "The first time I bought a universal remote control, i thought to myself, \"Now this changes everything!\" ", "Went to the bathroom earlier and took a poo. Not sure whose it was, but it's mine now. \ud83d\udca9 ", "I've been pretty disorganized since my electric piano was stolen. ", "I've been searching for my stolen bed for two days! I won't rest until I've found it.", "I used to be in a band called The Hinges before we collaborated with The Handles to form The Doors ", "These days, men only have their wives dress up as nurses in the bedroom to pretend that they have health insurance ", "Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.", "Don't take life too seriously, you won't get out alive. ", "Last night I bought an alcoholic ginger beer. He wasn't happy about it.", "Study shows researchers waste a lot of time finding out dumb things.", "Whoever invented the name \"acne vulgaris\" for severely bad skin, wasn't very subtle about it. ", "Eagles may soar in the clouds, but weasels never get sucked into jet engines.", "Worst typo ever is the word miximum. ", "How does Steven Hawking recover from a hangover? He presses F5.", "Can a comedian in a wheel chair do stand up comedy? ", "What was the chameleons excuse for ending up in jail? He was a product of his environment.", "A flock of crows at a crime-scene is a murder most fowl. ", "To the guy in the wheelchair who stole my camouflage jacket...You can hide, but you can't run.", "For some reeson, I've never yet won a gaim of Skrabel !!! ", "Lif is too short. ", "You know what is a \"diet\" is, don't you? It's \"die\" with a \"t,\" that's what it is! -", "I was looking for a website to help me lose weight but all of them were trying to give me cookies. ", "A skeleton walks into a bar and asks for a beer and a mop ", "My mind is like lightning. Once I have an idea, it's brilliant, extraordinary, and lasts a fraction of a second.", "After my friend lost his leg in an accident, he just had to walk it off. ", "I tried to lookup \"impotence\" on the internet, but nothing came up. ", "What's the difference between a cow and 9/11? You can't milk a cow for a decade straight.", "My dog just chased some kid on a bike, I had no idea my dog could even ride a bike.", "\"What do we want?\"\n\"A cure for obesity!\"\n\"When do we want it?\"\n\"After lunch!\"", "What happened when the reporter fell into the water? She became an anchor", "A 12 year old can get pregnant so when you say no sex with minors you're calling evolution stupid ", "Did you know 70% of people will believe a statistic you tell them if you put a percentage in it? ", "In politics, the ability to lie is not a liability. ", "Why did Sepp Blatter cross the road? To get to the other bribe!", "My child was acting up at the doctor\u2019s: so I asked him to be a little patient. ", "Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular. ", "The invisible man married the invisible woman. Their kids were nothing to look at.", "If you want to hear my advice on visual awareness, then look... ", "I got to work this morning to find a lump of Plasticine on my desk. I don't know what to make of it.", "When they put up the dam, the river started acting weird. ", "Humour is best used as an armour for defence, not as a weapon for attack. ", "I have no words to describe how I felt when I found out that the thesaurus I bought was full of only blank pages ", "Paris' Notre Dame Cathedral tickets are now free! ", "Where would you park your camel? The Camelot.", "It was impossible to get a conversation going, everyone was talking too much *-* Yogi Berra", "You haven't truly won an argument until the other person says \"whatever.\"", "Met a guy on Tinder named Richard, nice guy but every photo was a Dick pic. ", "I was going to make a oneliner, but this one's got a period in it. &amp;#x200B;", "It's a long shot, but I think I might be able to become a sniper. ", "Two cows in a field, one says\"What do you think of mad cow disease?\"The other cow replies \"Won't affect me, I'm a helicopter!\"", "Happy motherfuckers day (father's day) ", "To everybody who doesn\u2019t have a date on Valentine\u2019s Day, you also didn\u2019t have a job on Labor Day or a father on Father\u2019s Day. ", "I'd tell you about astronomy, but it's way over your head. ", "I'm not a big fan of nuns, they carry bad habits. ", "What Is A Vampire's Favourite Fruit, Necktarine ", "If your saggy boobs don't get enough support, people are going to think they're nuts. ", "I'm not sure why people are so obsessed about food in beards; it's disgusting. [deleted]", "A few weeks ago, I asked my doctor if I was going deaf? Still haven't heard back ", "It's not drinking alone, if the kids are in the car with you. ", "I hurt my back hauling this huge package. Let me tell you, being a mailman.. it's hard. ", "Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest.", "To become a successful doctor you must have a lot of patients.", "I heard that buttsex is painful ass fuck. ", "Palm reading [deleted]", "Lets celebrate that you and I didnt kill any babies cuz April 19 is Passover celebrating that God didnt kill certain Egyptian babies despite killing others ", "I was very naive sexually. My first boyfriend asked me to do missionary and I buggered off to Africa for six months. ", "There's something really strange about my new, frictionless car, but just can't put my finger on it. ", "I know tomorrows winning lottery numbers exist but that seeing of the future doesnt seem to help in knowing if a winning number with a 5 exists [deleted]", "Not happy with my camping trip travel insurance. Apparently If someone steals my tent in the night, I'll no longer be covered.", "When I was a child, I wanted to be a brain surgeon, but apparently I was too young. ", "DANGER: DO NOT TOUCH must be the scariest thing to read in Braille. ", "Saw a flying saucer today. It appeared right after the flying cup that my girlfriend threw at me.", "Even if there is nothing to say, that hasn't stopped some people.", "Charlie tuned into his concert for which he had to atone. ", "People who pick their scabs are sore losers. ", "Did you know humans are born with four kidneys? Two of them grow into adult knees.", "I've just been outside helping a guy in a black robe with a scythe clear the frost off his car. I was de-icing with death.", "I couldn\u2019t repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder. ", "You weren't an accident, you were a mistake ", "What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick", "Why don't blondes have elevator jobs? They don't know the route.", "I was so upset the day I found my first grey hairs. I thought I'd dye.", "I used to be a heavy drinker, then I lost some weight. ", "Etiquette: knowing that it's inappropriate to ask \"what's shakin?\" when meeting Micheal J. Fox. ", "Every morning Waking up is the second hardest thing in the morning", "Pavlov's dog drooled as he was tolled. ", "If I make you breakfast in bed, A simple 'Thank you' is all I need. Not all this 'Who are you and what are you doing in my house?' Nonsense.", "Birth control pills should be for men. It makes much more sense to unload a gun than to shoot at a bulletproof vest.", "I don't get the hate for Necromancers, can't a guy just raise a family in peace? ", "My heart was broken when the doctor told me that my cardiac pacemaker couldn't be replaced. ", "The right man in the wrong place might eat all them cookies, Mr. Freeman.", "The Sasquatch went into the cabin and became constipated because he was lodged ", "Man who wants pretty nurse must be patient ", "My wife's vagina .... [removed]", "I'm in trouble with my wife after she asked where I was taking her today? It seems that over the coffee table was not what she wanted to hear.", "\u201cHave you got any kittens going cheap?\u201d Asked a customer in a pet shop.\n\u201cNo, sir,\u201d replied the owner. \u201cAll our kittens go \u201cMeow.", "My girlfriend confided in me she loves when I blow air on her when she's hot, but honestly, I\u2019m not a fan. ", "Two tampons walk down the street. Who says hi first. None, they are stuck up cunts.", "The wife said she wanted to go and see Jeremy Kyle Live for her birthday. So I got her sister pregnant! We're on next Wednesday!", "The Tour de France was difficult, but Lance Armstrong had a ball. ", "I always wonder, \"how do they know where I live?\" when movie commercials say\"coming to a cinema near you\".", "Ancient Chinese Proverb: Man who run behind car get exhausted.", "What has 12 hands, 12 legs, and 12 eyes? 12 pirates. ", "If talk is cheap, then why is my lawyer charging so much? ", "I went to a restaurant yesterday and the waitress had a black eye. When I ordered I spoke very slowly, because clearly she didn't listen well.", "Are you a parking ticket? Because you have fine written all over you.", "My friend sold me a radio system with the volume stuck all the way up for just ONE dollar; it was a deal I couldn't turn down. ", "I was running warm water on my hands, and someone asked me \"are your hands cold?\", and I said \"no, they're just purple\". ", "Someone ripped some pages out of both ends of my dictionary today, so now, it just goes from bad to worse. ", "How Long is a Chinese name. ", "Police arrested two kids yesterday,one was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks. They charged one and let the other one off", "The difference between my wife and my job is that my job still sucks. ", "I watch porn all the time, seems unfair, so from now on, porn is watching me. [deleted]", "\"What did Rick Astley say to his virginity? Never gonna give you up!\"", "What gets louder as it gets smaller? A baby in a trash compactor.", "Some people want to have sex on an airplane as to join the Mile High Club; personally I couldn\u2019t give a flying fuck. ", "What's the difference between a candle and a curry? A candle only burns at one end.", "Before you wed that lawyer, remember you're about to marry someone who's been professionally trained to argue.", "The flaw with walking shoes is you never know where they end up. ", "100 kiloPascals go into a Bar. ", "People change, Even satan used to be an angel. ", "The doctor gave me some medical marijuana, then I went home and had some medical popcorn and medical nachos. ", "I couldn't remember how to throw a boomerang, but it came back to me. ", "To make use of Lyft's speedy new service for Black Friday shoppers, call (900) SHOP-LYFT. ", "To celebrate the last Harry Potter movie, I am going to cut a scar in my forehead.", "What do you call an Alabama farmer with a sheep under each arm? A pimp.", "Today I farted on an elevator, it was wrong on so many levels. Credit goes to Bo Burnham, check him out hes reallly funny!", "I have a fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over it. ", "Only kids who survive past birth will remember ", "My girlfriend has this weird, sick, demented sexual fetish. Cuddling.", "I was fired from my job as a school teacher because Pornhub lied to me. ", "At the pet store saw beta fish crossed with bull fish, i asked my daughter what they were and she replied, \"its de beta bull\" ", "Shovels were a groundbreaking discovery. ", "Why did the chicken cross the basketball court? He heard the referee was blowing fowls.", "A tailor making a suit for Yao Ming would have to take drastic measures. ", "It is ironic because people with mullets (that should protect them) often are red necks ", "Technically, we are all half centaur. ", "A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing. ", "People keep telling me that the levant doesn't exist, but I keep telling them it Israel ", "For Christmas last year, I got a sweater, but this year, I'd prefer a moaner or a squirter. ", "You've got to hand it to blind prostitutes. ", "Spice up your panic attack with a kazoo ", "I went to a brothel and the sign read, \"Beat it. We're closed.\" ", "I didn't want to publish my unfinished article in the magazine, but my editor really forced the issue. ", "How many Marxist's does it take to change a light bulb? None: The light bulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.", "How many Jewish American Princesses does it take to change a light bulb? Two.  One to pour the Tab, and one to phone Daddy.", "Practice socializing with psychopaths so you will fit in the corporate world ", "Imagine what happens if none of your bees wax. ", "In the pedophile version of Peter Pan, he doesn't lose his shadow, he loses his touch. ", "Piracy is killing the music industry. You try playing the guitar with a hook.", "If everyone in the world was right handed, then there would be nobody left. ", "My girlfriend is weird, she always starts conversations with, \"Are you even listening to me!\"", "I couldn't have beard any longer so I shaved myself from a hairy situation; it was just too much stubble. ", "Twins might best be described as womb-mates.", "What was more useful than the invention of the first telephone? The second telephone.", "Did you hear about the red ship that crashed into the blue ship? All of the sailors were marooned.", "What do you call a deer with no eyes? No idea. What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no idea.", "I love watching Duck Dynasty and playing \"Spot the next president.\" ", "Inside jokes are totally tonkatrocious. ", "My pirate costume cost me a hand and a leg, and an eye. ", "What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball? Their names, if you know them. If not just say \"excuse me\".", "There are two kinds of persons: The one that divide all people in two part, and then the other that don't.", "I just got back from my mates funeral, He was killed by a tennis ball. It was a cracking service.", "Today I accidentally sent a naked pic of myself to my entire address book. Cost me a fortune in stamps.", "I had a joke about time travel, but you guys didn\u2019t like it. ", "What do you call a leper in a hot tub? Stew.", "Can Mississippi wear Delaware's New Jersey? I don't know but Alaska", "Have you heard about the Italian chef? He pasta way ", "Watched a blonde staring at an orange juice for 20 minutes, finally asked her what she was doing and she said it said \"concentrate\"", "I was sat in traffic the other day. Got hit by a car.", "I wasn't sure I wanted to buy the car so the salesman threw in a leather seat package but I'm not easily suede. ", "breast food is the best food, and thats why so many ppl eat cereal with milk [deleted]", "It has recently been discovered that research causes cancer in rats. ", "Police have warned that a man who held people hostage in a bowling alley, is likely to strike again. ", "Just started dating a soccer player, she\u2019s a keeper. ", "If a red-headed man works at a bakery, is he a ginger bread man?", "Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends? Because he's married.", "Red sky at night, shepherds delight. Blue sky at night....Day. ", "How many ADHD kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Wanna go see a movie?", "My dad is a responsible golfer. No matter how many clubs he hits, he always brings a designated driver. ", "I was once arrested for resisting arrest. I still don't know how.", "Was in the gym earlier and jumped on the treadmill.people were giving me weird looks so I started jogging instead.", "Sometimes I switch my socks from left to right, to keep my feet on their toes. ", "Why did the chicken go to KFC? To see a chicken strip.", "I haven\u2019t felt myself ever since I took a break from masturbating. ", "What happens if you go on a survival course..and you don't pass?", "What happened when the orange slept with the dirty lemon? It got lemonaids", "The only females I attract are mosquitoes ", "I am a premature!! punctuator ", "I don't see color, that's why I have so many black friends. ", "'I see' said the blind man to the deaf man, walking round the corner and bumping into the lamppost. ", "There's a special place in hell for people who threaten burning others to control them ", "Two silk worms had a race, but it ended in a tie. ", "lA paper should be like a mini skirt: long enough to cover everything, but short enough to keep it interesting.", "\u202aEvery time I tried to seduce the corpse, it seemed like she was giving me the cold shoulder.\u202c ", "I took an airline to court over my missing luggage. They lost the case.", "When I was on acid, I actually tasted colors, it tasted a lot like paint. [deleted]", "If I\u2019m in the closet then you\u2019re right below me, taking the bat out of basement ", "I couldn't open the bathroom door, so now I'm pissed. ", "A high frequency sound sometime hertz ", "The wife and I went to a bank robbers themed fancy dress party last night.\u00a0Well I did. She stayed in the car and kept the engine running.", "Having unprotected sex on the top of a hill may result in upland children. ", "I almost got raped in jail. My family takes monopoly way too seriously.", "With the new starwars film due out, Haribo have released some new sweets. I dont like them, they're all chewy.", "Two deer walk out of a gay bar. One turns and says to the other, \"I can't believe I just blew 30 bucks in there.", "Titanic was a slut. She went down on the first date and ironically swallowed a bunch of seamen, too.", "A girl phoned me the other day and said, \"Come on over, there's nobody home.\" I went over. Nobody was home. ", "What do cheap hotels and tight pants have in common? No ballroom.", "There must be a lot of fake estate agents for the other ones to assure us they're real. ", "I saw a woman wearing a t-shirt with \"Guess\" on it. I said \"Implants?\"", "Instead of a cross, people who believe jesus was killed by a gun wear that on their necklace and at the top of their church ", "IRS: We've got what it takes to take what you've got.", "There is nothing to be said for ", "Did you see the Broadway musical about the dictionary? It's a play on words. ", "What does the Chicago Cubs' name stand for? Completely Useless By September.", "You may think I'm a racist for saying it but there's nothing wrong with niggers. ", "I love homeless people. I wish there was more of them. [deleted]", "I keep having a recurring nightmare where I'm surrounded by loads of pregnant women in labour.I think I may be having a midwife crisis..", "Why didn't the feminist get a job at the post office? Because she refused to work in a mail dominated industry.", "Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would a foot. ", "I Slept like a baby last night. I shit myself and woke up screaming.", "I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already. ", "dont do the crime and get caught if you cant do the time ", "I put a wooden desk and a blackboard in my living room. I wanted to make it look more classy.", "You're never alone with schizophrenia ", "A man had 33 bulls and 33 cows Each pair had a calf. He thought he now had 99 cattle, but he had 100. When he rounded them up.", "A cure for dyslexia? Now that would be music to my arse.", "What can be found in a Judge's freezer? Just ice.", "Ever been on your phone for 45 minutes look down and wonder, \u201cwhen did I eat corn?\u201d ", "Joke's on her, my fetish is fake orgasms. [deleted]", "New study shows that slight overweight women live longer                      Than the men who mention it", "Once you turn 21, you can finally legally do all the things you've been doing since you were 16.", "I'm going to open a medieval themed brothel and call it Came-a-lot ", "After a fist fight broke out amongst my jurors the prosecutor accused me of inciting violence. ", "Listen, calling people names says a lot more about you than it does about them, idiot.", "Where there's a will, there's a relative.", "Breasts are like beer. Men may state a preference, but we'll take whatever's on tap.", "My internet bride got delivered today. She's the WiFi always dreamed of.", "Why do sorority girls walk in odd-numbered packs? Because they can't even.", "How do you know that adam and eve were white? have you ever tried taking a rib from a black man.", "A guy shows up late for work. The boss yells \"You should have been here at 8:30!\" he replies: \"Why? What happened at 8:30?\"", "Your #mcm goes down on his girl all night and then goes to work in the morning without washing his face ", "i'd tell you a joke but i have memory issues.. Hi im Connor, what are we doing again??", "Budweiser can't afford the company's private plane this year. It's just not in the budget. ", "Stupidity and apathy If its two things I hate, its stupidity and apathy, but I don't know if I care anymore.\n\n&amp;#x200B;", "While driving yesterday I saw a banana peel in the road and instinctively swerved to avoid it....thanks Mario Kart.", "I've grown to hate low ceilings. ", "When Paprika was born on Blue's Clues, her mother was told to push it... PUSH IT REAL GOOD! ", "Dad always tried to treat me like he would treat God: He didn't believe in me. ", "A duck goes into a shop and asks for a tube of ChapStick. The Cashier says \"That'll be \u00a31.50 please.The Duck says \"Just put it on my bill\"", "If Jesus was redacted, we might never have heard of him. ", "Marry entered the world of sexual promiscuity with a bang. ", "At what point does a Lamb become a Sheep? When its had it's Baaaaa-Mitzvah! ", "Lost my voice but I'll say nothing about that ", "Dark Humor is like food, my kids just can\u2019t get enough of it! There are probably some variations of this lol", "\"I'm in a same-sex marriage... the sex is always the same.\" Alfie Moore ", "I'm an aphid fan of little green insects. ", "Good thing my computer has spellchucker ", "How many Freudian slips does it take to change a penis? ", "I asked God for a bike, but then I realised God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.", "People keep on making apocalypse jokes like there\u2019s no tomorrow. ", "My book looks so much thinner ever since it had its appendix removed. ", "When the judge sentenced me to death, I tried to high five him, but he just left me hanging. ", "I'm terrified of elevators so I started taking steps to avoid them! ", "Some people just have a way with words, and some...um... not have way ", "I'd love to an actor, but I'd always forget the... oh what's the word. ", "Wasn't sure my friend was gay until one night at a bar he asked if he could push my stool in. ", "I always try not to judge people. Which is probably why I lost my job as a judge!", "I was out driving last night and I almost hit a pedestrian, but I'll get him next time. ", "I used to play cards with an origami master, but every hand he folded. ", "Do you know what apple calls their new sprinkler system? iDew. [deleted]", "Today we had a chicken pox party for my son, it was bumpin'. ", "Sign language interpreters would make good magicians. ", "I don't know why they call it \"cheese whiz\" if it ain't even that smart. ", "I took my wife's family out for tea and biscuits. They weren't too happy about having to give blood though.", "I think the worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades...or a game of fake heart attack.", "The only B word you should call a girl is Beautiful. Bitches love to be called Beautiful", "Hands up if you like armed robbers. ", "When my friend asked me to write him a hedonistic autobiography, I said it would be my pleasure. [deleted]", "Cooking is as easy as cake.", "Doing standup comedy in Germany is predominantly Krautwork. ", "Cannibals make me dinner. ", "In a surprising upset, England took gold in the women's skeleton, edging out the USA favorite from Biggest Loser, Rachel Frederickson. Imgur: https://i.imgur.com/wGvCGfk.png", "Slightly peeved that the makers of the shampoo \"Head and Shoulders\" have not followed up with a body wash called, \"Knees and Toes\". ", "Some rude kids on the bus just texted each other \u201cI think that old creep is looking at our phones\u201d ", "There is no gravity, the earth sucks. ", "What if trapped wind suffers from claustrophobia which is why it wants to come out so bad? ", "Do you remember if I have Alzheimer's? ", "Relationship goals [deleted]", "stealing is wrong so thats why to threaten people until they give it to you as a gift ", "Magicians make people disappear all the time! But as soon as I take and hide a regular person everyone freaks out!", "What do you call a man with no shins or feet? Neil", "What's green and smells of pork? Kermits finger.", "My dad bought me a globe for my birthday. It means the world to me. ", "Rumors about himself and the consul's wife nearly got Spartacus fired, but in the end he was still gladiator. ", "Why did the sailor ground his son? His grades were below C level", "Did you know production costs in the dairy business are high? A lot of expenses are in curd.", "just because mary couldnt feel it doesnt mean shes a virgin ", "Since groom wore unlaced sneakers to the wedding, they weren't able to tie the knot. [deleted]", "I live for my alarm clock collection. It's the only reason I get up in the morning.", "Bullets do their job only after they\u2019re fired. Weird. ", "Dyslexics untie! ", "The Internet is a weapon of mass distraction. ", "They say you're beating a dead horse, I say im beating my dead wife ", "A girl agreed to go out with me after I gave her a bottle of tonic water. Schwepped her off her feet.", "Why pay and park when you can steal and run. ", "I asked the barber to cut my hair like Tom Cruise, so he gave me a cushion to sit on. ", "TL;DR I ripped the book in half to make a long story short. ", "2B or not 2B. That is the pencil.", "Is it true that an apple a day, keeps the doctor away, or is it just one of Granny's myths? ", "Why do cows lie down together when it rains? To keep each udder dry.", "I walked into a door today, loved it. ", "Why did the Mexican girl get pregnant? Her teacher told her to go home and do an essay", "I once met a woman with twelve breasts. Sounds a bit odd, dozen tit. ", "I need a filling, but I've been to the dentist before so it's okay. I know the drill.", "I had to tell my patient I'd dreadfully messed up his plastic surgery. I'll never forget the look on his elbow.", "People who say 'new normal' havent been normal since they were new. ", "A guy getting no cellphone signal at all walks into a bar... ", "Most of my ancestors died of old age - must be bad genes ", "\u041d\u043ew_I_w\u0430s_h\u0435l\u0440\u0435d_t\u043e_find_\u043enl\u0443_s\u0435\u0445_in_th\u0435_sit\u0435.\u041c\u0443_r\u0435\u0430l_st\u043er\u0443_\u0430b\u043eut_3_tim\u0435s_with_3_diff\u0435r\u0435nt_girls_f\u043er_\u0443\u043eu_gu\u0443s [removed]", "I wanted to become a doctor, but I don\u2019t have the patience. ", "I've spent the last 3 years looking for my ex-wife's killer. Still can't find anyone to do it.", "There's nothing more I love than strolling to the park on a Sunday morning to play fetch with my dog. I can throw her almost 40 yards now. ", "I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.", "What's the difference between a mailbox and an elephant's asshole? You don't know? Remind me not to give you a letter to mail.", "My name is David and I had my ID stolen the other day. Now they just call me Dav.", "My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline; she hit the roof! ", "Why do rooms filled with married people always seem so empty? Because there's not a single person in there. #marriage", "How can you tell if Asians have broken into your house? The dog is gone, the homework is done, and they're still trying to leave your driveway", "\u202aMy friend said that I should get a sex change, since I've got the balls to do it.\u202c ", "Playing on seesaws requires a lot of weighting. ", "I used to be a banker, But I lost interest ", "Do you ever think the Earth makes fun of the Moon for having no life? ", "Wanna be realy stoned?  Drink wet cement.", "I've been hard at work all day. I had no idea viagra lasted so long!", "Are Pi shops open 22/7?", "Remember only enemies speak the truth. Friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of duty. Mark Twain", "People call me a hypochondriac, which really hurts. ", "As a keen enviromentalist, I, like most people, only wash my hands when there's someone else in the bathroom at the same time. ", "A horse walks into a bar and the bartender asks, \"why the long face?\" The horse, unable to understand English, shits on the floor and leaves.", "In my eyes, there's nothing wrong with being a perfectionist, but they'd probably find something. [deleted]", "I have a large seashell collection, which I keep scattered on beaches all over the world.", "\"What is Luke Skywalker's favorite coffee place? Java the hut!\"", "What's the difference between a cactus and a school bus? Cactus has little pricks on the outside", "My nuts were shot off in the Battle of Midway. ", "I'd like to wish everybody who was born during this time of year a Herry Birthmas and Mappy Chrisday. ", "9/11 Should be National Jenga Blocks Day Just give it some thought and let me know. Oh, and contact your local and state representatives to make my dream a reality.", "The cross-eyed teacher had a hard time because he couldn\u2019t control his pupils ", "An attractive woman took a seat next to me at a bar last night and brought it to a table of friends. ", "Frigid women don't give a fuck. ", "Two fish in a tank, One says: \u2018How do you drive this thing? ", "the word \"plethora\" means a lot to me ", "I pulled a gluteal muscle. Its a real pain in the ass.  ", "Having sex with me is like playing Russian Roulette without any bullets in the gun, even after going 6 rounds it still wont blow your head off ", "If I were a cow, I'd move to India. ", "The worst thing about owls is the way that they can maintain eye contact when you put them in a microwave.", "I had to chase a mugger after he stole my wallet. He gave me a run for my money.", "If my wife isn't careful she'll get hit by a drunk driver tonight but we'll just tell her dad she fell down the stairs. ", "What's the difference between a good joke and a bad joke timing. ", "Did you hear about the vampire bicycle that went around biting people? It was a vicious cycle.", "Sign here to say you'll never do an autograph again. ", "Two pens had a race. The result was a draw.", "When I was a kid I thought I had a Chinese friend. It turns out it was just my imaginasian", "Hopped on the bus this morning, people were looking at me funny, so I decided to get in and sit down.", "If you want to start breeding worms you need to get a clew first. ", "I didn't realize how big of a deal tipping people in America was until I saw the FBI asking for tips to catch criminals. [deleted]", "Foosball is a combination of soccer and shish kabobs. ", "Came up with a word for stealing other peoples' work:plagiarism ", "Not to brag or anything, but I can turn ice into water JUST by staring at it. It takes a while though.. ", "The World is $7 trillion in debt. Just exactly which planet do we owe it to? \ud83c\udf0d ", "My band's name is 999meg, we can't get a gig. ", "If a soldier drags a power cable across a battlefield, is he leading the charge? ", "If you ever feel useless. Remember that there's country called Pakistan ", "I work in McDonald's and a customer was rude to me today, so I got him back by not putting any Coke in his drink. Just ice was served.", "You'll find research to confirm whatever you think. ", "It's crazy how many people die in suits. [deleted]", "The only difference between a politician and a flying pig is the letter f. ", "Read a caution label 'Avoid contact with eyes' --shoot! I've already seen it!", "In life you either drop the mic or drop the soap ", "Two peanuts walk into a bar, and one was a salted ", "She was only a whisky maker, but he loved her still. ", "I went to the doctor and he said \"don't eat anything fatty.\" I asked \" no bacon? No steak?\" He replied \"No fatty, just don't eat anything! \"", "I saw a transvestite wearing a shirt that said \"guess\"", "The doctor ordered me to self-isolate his really backed me into a Corona ", "What's the definition of a snail?A slug with a crash helmet.", "Double vision is increasingly common. Double vision is increasingly common. [deleted]", "You're imcomparable, like a... \\- Bo Burnham", "If there was something wrong with rape it wouldnt be funded in prisons ", "I\u2019m seriously thinking about re-marrying my ex-wife, but I\u2019m pretty sure she\u2019ll figure out I\u2019m just after my money. ", "lSmile, it's the second best thing you can do with your lips.", "Whoever stole my body wash better come clean!", "My news years resolution this year is to give up sexual innuendos.But it's so hard..", "You guys hear about the man that got arrested for trying to make something while driving? Yeah, they got him on a DIY.", "The three fastest means of communication: Telephone, Television, Twitter and tell-a woman.", "If you are suffering from telephonophobia, there's a number you can call. ", "What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree? Hold on to your nuts---this is no ordinary blow job.", "What do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer? \n\nAsh", "Drive carefully! Remember, it's not only a car that can be recalled by it's maker.", "Stop calling yourself hot. The only thing you turn on is a microwave.", "My escalator phobia leads me to to take steps to avoid them I'm sure this will escalate quickly", "Whoever stole my copy of Microsoft office, I will hunt you down and I will make you pay. You have my word!", "I broke up with my android GF because she was too code dependent ", "If a Simp had a son it would be a Simpson ", "I got off in court so they locked me up. ", "I got so drunk last night, I started a fight with a mop and I wiped the floor with him. ", "schrodingers immigrant is a person who lays around all day living off welfare while simultaneously stealing your job ", "We have a shortage of dwarves! ", "I quit my job at the helium factory today. I refuse to be spoken to in that tone of voice.", "If an apple is 100% paralyzed , is it considered a fruit or a vegetable?", "Think about it - every single corpse on Mt. Everest was once a highly motivated person. . Stay lazy my friends", "Hammocks rock ", "Hey, to whoever invented the zero: Thanks for nothing.", "Cannibals are true humanitarians. ", "My easy English teacher got arrested for having sex with a minor, she was the only person in the class who got a D. ", "What's the best dating service in India? Connect the dots.", "I like to put all my eggs in one basket and count my chickens before they hatch. ", "I broke up with my gym; we were just not working out. ", "My wife keeps complaining about my premature ejaculation, she took it on the chin at first but now it just gets on her tits.", "I must be emotionally constipated because I haven't given a shit in days. ", "I did not fight my way up the food chain to be a vegetarian.p162", "So what if I don\u2019t know what \u201cArmageddon\u201d means? It\u2019s not the end of the world. ", "Two muffins are in an oven. One of 'em says, \"Wow, it's really hot in here.\" The other one says \"Holy shit, a talking muffin!\"", "Do homeless people get 'Knock Knock' jokes ? ", "Shout out to the people who ask what the opposite of \u201cin\u201d is [deleted]", "I decided to be depressed today, just for fun.", "What's the difference between a penis and a bonus? Your missus will blow your bonus!", "A kitchen knife and a spoon had a race. Who won? Neither, it ended in a drawer.", "I've been fired from work for putting in too many shifts. Keyboard manufacturing isn't as easy as you think.", "Valentine's Day: the reason so many people are born in November.", "I might as well have come to this party dressed as a stripper's pole, because the pussy is all over me. ", "I made a chicken salad today but the ungrateful pecker didn\u2019t even eat it! ", "My hot lesbian neighbours got me Rolex for my birthday. It's nice, but I think they misunderstood me when I said, \"I wanna watch\".", "I heard that Richard Moll just turned 70 last month. I think that is Bull. ", "Love is like a fart. If you have to force it it's probably shit. [deleted]", "What activity do 3 out of 4 people call a good time? Gang rape.", "I could never work in the Job centre. Imagine if you got fired! You'd still have to show up the next day.", "Baby: What you can sleep like if you dont have one.", "If my wife made whiskey, I'd love her still. ", "Fishes miss a lot of calls. They always seem to be stuck on a line.", "According to science you can't be both hot and cool ", "I'm for politicians doing two terms. One in office and one in jail.", "I'd say fuck the wheather, but its definitely under 18...", "What happens when Batman sees Catwoman? The Dark Knight Rises.", "May 2020 bring clear vision to all of us. Cheers! ", "Why didn't the skeleton ask anyone on a date? He didn't have the guts!", "I've got two rulers: one for good measure, and another for good measure. ", "Hope my knuckle replacement goes well tomorrow fingers crossed ", "My gran once had a bad stroke, so i screamed at her \"its not fucking good enough\" and pushed her into the bunker ", "If a vegetable was killed, would it be called a decabbagetation? ", "I'm always looking  for my Number 1. You see, I'm not a very good aim in the bathroom.", "Love is hard to find, but easy to make. ", "You know you're a good mum when you sacrifice your vibrator batteries for your kids toys.", "Today I told my mom I broke into a homeless man house. She grounded me.p176", "The last time I took a shit, my hand smell for days. ", "I'm addicted to brake fluid, but I can stop any time I want.", "What do you call an obese psychic? A four chin teller.", "I am, by far, the humblest person on this thread. ", "Steve Jobs Instead of Apple, Steve Jobs could have named his company Banana.\n\nThen everyone would line up for the brand new Banana Phone.\n\nOrange you glad he didn't say \"Banana\"?", "You could stand to lose 5 pounds, but running a better way to do it. [deleted]", "My wife didn't like how much I spent on a stereo system. I thought it was a sound investment. ", "Do you really think it's a coincidence that everyone who gets correlation vs causation wrong eventually ends up dead? ", "Why are they called \"restrooms\" if I'm not even allowed to sleep on the floor? ", "Freudian slips happen to the breast of us. ", "I had a Christmas wet dream that cleaned itself, it was the immaculate ejaculate ", "Are Beyonc\u00e9\u2019s kids destiny\u2019s children? ", "Grammar has gots to be one of the most importantest things ever?", "I partied with my life coach last night, but by midnight he was concerned that I was missing 100% of the shots I DID take. ", "Some guy knocked on my door today and said, \"I have a parcel for your next door neighbour.\" I said, \"You've got the wrong house then mate.\"", "My body is a temple, because 100s of Jews have been in it. [deleted]", "You know whats worse than your girlfriend cheating on you with your dad? Cheating on your girlfriend with your dad. ", "Our local cinema is showing a special version of the latest James Bond film, just for dyslexics. Respect.", "Do you think I'm cool? no, that means I'm hot. ", "I'm starting a group for people who love a great bacon, lettuce and tomato sandwich called the GBLT ", "I stayed up all night to see where the sun went. Then it dawned on me.", "CPR - the human equivalent of CTRL ALT DELETE ", "I told this girl she'd look sexy with her hair back, but apparently that's something you don't say to a cancer patient? ", "A bossy man walks into a bar and orders everyone a round. ", "happy birthday, and don't say thank you. ", "The Titanic was built to last, let that sink in. ", "Melania Trump probably calls the presidential water bed the Dead Sea. ", "Miss piggy goes to the doctors;\"Doctor why is it that every time I have my ladies week, I end up with a frog in my throat?\"", "What makes blind people want to always walk a dog? ", "Why aren\u2019t there any first hand stores? ", "I love Jamaican interior designers to decor. ", "What has four legs and flies? A dead hamster.", "I'm going to a deodorant party at the weekend. Roll on Saturday.", "Do you believe in love at first sight? Or should I walk by again? ", "I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since. ", "The groom wore unlaced sneakers to the wedding, so they weren't able to tie the knot. ", "I stole this joke, but I don't know why, it's not very good. ", "I love the looks people give me when I garden with no hoes.. Oh I mean shoes", "What doesnt kill the taxpayer makes the government stronger ", "\u202aWhen the aliens took over the company, they left us with no Human Resources.\u202c ", "Just sold my car for gas money.", "i'd tell u a joke but i have memory issues.. Hi im Connor, what are we doing again?? ", "You're everything I never wanted.", "\"What a bunch of spilled milk\" I cried over to my buddy. ", "Just been sacked from my job as a chef for stealing. I've always been whisk taker.", "I used to tell people I was a workaholic until I realised it doesn\u2019t mean \u2018guy who constantly gets shitfaced at the office\u2019 ", "The funeral service industry can never die. ", "I put root beer in a square glass and all I got was beer. ", "For the Jews and Palestinians, the struggle Israel. ", "Yesterday was International Women's Day. It was actually supposed to be held on the day before yesterday but they took too long to get ready", "\"Bitch please... If dicks could fly, your mouth would be an airport. \" ", "Three sperm whales have been found on the beach at Skegness. Or as they're also known, local lasses.", "The statement below is true. The statement above is false.", "I'd like to tell you a joke now, but you'd only laugh. ", "How do you make an octopus laugh? You give it ten tickles.", "How do you make one dissappear? Add a 'g' and it'll be gone", "RAP: Retards Attempting Poetry", "I have high standards, but low expectations.", "The worst job for a procrastinator? Ice sculpting.", "Concept of salads is weird. First you cut the veggies and then you do the dressing yourself. ", "When a woman says you cant get sex anywhere else, its like a movie theater saying you cant bring in outside food cuz both are trying to sell you something overpriced. ", "I saw a girl texting while driving and it really pissed me off, so I rolled down my window and threw my beer at her.", "There are so many things I like about horses, but my favorite is all that hair running down their neck \u2014 that\u2019s the mane thing. ", "As a kid, I took as many music lessons as I could until guitar center arrested me for shoplifting. ", "Why are 490 Romans funny? Because XD", "Me: \"How do you spell HIV?\" \nFriend:\"H.I.V\" \nMe: \"Are you positive?\" \nFriend:\"Yes... Wait no... Damn!\"", "There was a Robbery at the Hotel Recently,the Robber took out a Gun,the Security Guard took out His Phone,and the Hotel took out a trivago. ", "I'd give you the shirt off my back, if I wasn't wearing it. ", "They should have never legalized same sex masturbation ", "I got kicked out of school because they have recess, and I don't play games. ", "How do you invite a Native Alaskan to your home? You Eskimover. ", "My friend came to me and said, \"Thanks for lending me the Fight Club DVD! \"I was like, \"Don't mention it.\"", "What did stevie wonder say when he got a cheese grater for Christmas? That's the most violent book I've ever read in my life!", "Saw two small insects running away to get married on the back of an antelope. [deleted]", "I've just been asked to bury the world's fattest man which is a massive undertaking. ", "My wife stood in front of the mirror:\"I'm massive\" she moaned. \"Will you help me?\" \"Of course,\" I said, as I moved the mirror further away.", "Just seen that there's a nudist convention on in town next week. Might go if I've got nothing on.", "I don't care what is written about me as long as it isn't true. ----Katherine Hepburn", "Snoop Dogg carries an umbrella fo' drizzle. ", "I regret buying my chastity belt, it's the most unsatisfying purchase I've ever made. ", "I was trying not to wake anyone up the other night, so I put some French pancakes on my feet and crep\u00e9d up the stairs... ", "What does a Mexican cut his pizza with? Little Caesars", "Female wanted, must have own pub. Apply with inn.", "I have sexdaily!... ohh sorry I meant dyslexia ", "I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me!", "\"I used to work in a shoe-recycling shop. It was sole-destroying.\" Alex Horne ", "I struggle to take anal rape victims seriously. Seems to me they're just butthurt. ", "I have an EpiPen. My friend gave it to me as he was dying. It seemed very important to him that I have it.", "Police brutality is no laughing matter, but protesting against police brutality is a riot. ", "Follow your dreams, except for the one where your naked at work.", "What did the light bulb say to the switch? You turn me on.", "I\u2019m an optimistic pessimist\u2026 I look forward to the worst.", "What gets longer when pulled, fits between breasts, Inserts neatly in a hole and works best when jerked? A seatbelt.", "Some men think that using a moisturiser after you've had a shave is a bit gay. I don't, I just think it makes my legs lovely and soft.", "\"Don't Stop Me Now\" isn't the best song to be blaring when you're driving near a police car. ", "My girlfriend just asked for some alone time.. I made her a MySpace account.", "If you're told to expect the unexpected, does it make the unexpected, expected ? ", "WARNING: If you do it right the first time, they'll ask you to do it again.", "I've just arrived in Australia to surprise my fianc\u00e9e. She's in London and the wedding's tomorrow.", "An experienced carpenter really nails it, but a new guy screws everything up. ", "I started a sarcasm club. It would mean the world to me if you would join. [deleted]", "A police officer came up to me yesterday and said, \"Where were you between four and six?\" I said, \"Kindergarten.\"", "Whatever you do in life, always give 100%. Unless you're donating blood...", "What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex? Oral sex makes your day, anal sex makes your hole weak!", "Parentnoia:Parentnoia is the irrational fear parents have that their children are doing something wrong, or being hurt in some way.", "By the time a man realizes that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he\u2019s wrong. ", "Women are meant to be loved, not understood.", "Word to the Women: It ain't the clothes that make you fat.", "People say that weightlifters aren't opinionated, but I strongly disagree. ", "Great to see the NBA showing their solidarity with Black Lives Matter, by refusing to do any work. ", "Roses are red, bullets are lead, you better love me, or I'll shoot you in the head. [removed]", "What do you call fly with no wings? A walk! Hahaha.. Heh .", "A falling battery killed a man today. It was charged with murder.", "The best way to make holy water is by boiling the hell out of it. ", "those who live beyond their means should act their wage ", "People who confuse the words \"Burro\" and \"Burrow\" don't know their ass from a hole ", "Did you hear about the new restaurant on the Moon? The food's ok, but it has no atmosphere.", "After my recent behavior I need to take a long look in the mirror and make sure that cop isn\u2019t still following me. ", "I thought I saw a monster under my bed but it turns out it was just an energy drink. ", "How does a lawyer go to sleep? First he lies on one side, then the other", "Shopping is hard. Let's go redditing. ", "Pontius Pilate nailed it. ", "If a tree falls in the forest and crushes a mime, does it make a sound? ", "When you have a stutter, nothing is easier said than done. ", "I was given a D-cell after a judge convicted me of battery. ", "I bought my wife a desk-lamp for her birthday, her face is really gonna light up when she sees it.", "Here are the dos and don'ts of ridiculous regulations... ", "I love playing that game where you knock on people's door and run away. It's called Yodel.", "If you sing while playing Throwing a ball during baseball, will you have a good pitch?", "If I could have sex with anyone living or dead, I would pick living. ", "I used to go to the gym but it was too expensive so I am shoplifting instead. ", "I wanted to place a bid at the silent auction, but it was not aloud. ", "My son starts school on Monday and is so scared of being picked on. I guess it's my own fault for calling him 'Someoneyourownsize'", "They ask me which country in Africa I'd like to visit and I'm like \"Niger please!\". ", "If you go to jail for tax evasion, aren't you basically living off taxes, for not paying your taxes ? ", "Did you hear about the new \"emo\" grass? People love it because it cuts itself.", "To the guy who stole my antidepressants, \"HOPE YOU'RE HAPPY NOW?\" ", "As I said before, I never repeat myself!", "All men make mistakes. Married men just find out about them quicker.", "As a kid, I never understood Samuel L Jackson's obsession with melon farming. ", "Where would Voldemort go if he played the trumpet? Jazzkaban.", "Shelby entered the world of prostitution with a bang. ", "Hao Long is a Chinese name.", "I only go to Hooters for the articles. ", "My sex life is like a Bruce Willis movie. I\u2019m gonna Die Hard. ", "Fundraiser idea: Play 'Baby' by Justin Bieber constantly, and have people pay to make it stop.", "HOW DO YOU CLEAR OUT AND IRAQI BINGO HALL? CALL OUT \"B-52\".", "The hardest part about starting a new relationship, is learning how to fart silently again. ", "Talking to a guy today who invented crosswords. Can't remember his name though. S_e_e", "What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.", "Why can't a leopard play hide and seek? Because he's always spotted.", "Dear IRS, please cancel my subscription.", "If you buy a SmartWater for 4$...it's not working. ", "Spilling Parmesan all over my laptop gives a whole new meaning to Mac 'n Cheese. ", "I'm not sure what the first church on the moon will look like, but I'm sure the mass will be the same.", "Being a teacher is like being in a bad marriage; your needs are never met, but you stay in it for the kids. ", "I\u2019m a tunnel enthusiast through and through. ", "Hitler without a blindfold: \" I can see\"\nHitler with a blindfold: \" I can Nazi\"", "What does DNA stand for? National Dyslexia Association.", "My buddy thinks camping is dull, but I think camping is in tents. ", "My ex-wife still misses me, but her aim is getting better!", "There's a German guy who keeps hiding things from me. His name is Alzheimer! ", "Plan ahead - It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark. ", "I came across a broken escalator today. All I could do was stair. ", "Cows, pigs, and chickens are all dying for us to eat them. ", "If you throw a cat out a car window does it become kitty liter?", "I think the worst part about being an Asian is trying to tell whether you blinked in a picture or not.", "If I had a $1 for every failed maths exam, I'd have $3.45. ", "My friends are like pi- well rounded, but completely irrational ", "Where do atheists donate their money? Non Prophet Organizations", "My dad used to say: 'always fight fire with fire'... its probably why he was thrown out of the fire brigade ", "My church had a discussion on speaking in tongues, but none of us could understand each other. ", "My party trick is swallowing two pieces of string and an hour later they come out my arse tied together. I shit you knot.", "I hate it when old people poke me at a wedding and say, \"you're next\". So I started doing the same thing to them at funerals.", "Did I already tell you my Alzheimer\u2019s joke? ", "Me and my receding hairline? We go way back. ", "Why was the Thanksgiving soup so expensive? It had 24 carrots.", "Perspective is in the eye of the beholder.", "I caught the uncommon cold. [deleted]", "My doctor wrote me a prescription for dailysex, but my girlfriend insists it's for dyslexia. ", "To make holy water, just take water and boil the hell out of it. ", "How do trains eat? They chew-chew.", "Never date a girl called hope. If you split up, you'll become hopeless. ", "A woman walks into a bar and asks the barman for a double-entendre. So he gives her one.", "A jihadist tried stand up comedy. He bombed. ", "I got home quite late night, and I really didn't want to wake my girlfreind up so I put some French pancakes on my feet and Cr\u00eaped up the stairs.... ", "Three years ago today  I asked a beautiful girl to go on a date. Today I asked her to be my wife.\nShe said no both times.", "I\u2019ve never caught a sea mammal. My life is without porpoise [deleted]", "Victims say the darndest things. -Bill Cosby ", "Saw a raggedly dressed boy in the street and asked if he was an orphan. \"what gave me away?\" He asked, I said, \"your parents\"", "Do you want to hear a joke about sodium? Na...", "Is a one liner comedian called a one column comedian in Japan? ", "What's pink and invisible? This grapefruit.", "If you want to summon a dead Italian, use a Luigi board. ", "Today is an incredible day for mankind.. for today I will rewrite history. history.", "Do you want to know how to make an idiot wait? I will tell you later.", "The best person for the job is the one who understands it well enough not to want it.", "The patron saint of poverty is St. Nickeless. ", "My wife caught me in bed with an optical illusion.I told her it's not what it looks like.", "There is nothing wrong with kissing a Nun, just don't get into the habit ", "I bought some 'Jamie Oliver Sausages' yesterday. On the packet it said 'Prick with a fork'I thought, can't argue with that!", "Just quit my job as a Ski Instructor.. when I started I was on top of the world, then it all went downhill. ", "Why is an executioner a terrible high-fiver? They always leave you hanging", "Maybe if we all emailed the constitution to each other, the NSA will finally read it. ", "Eargasm: climax of ear's pleasure, usually when listening to music. \"Dude! I totally just had an eargasm man!\"", "A priest, a rabbi, and a blind man walk into a bar and the bartender says, \"What is this, some kind of joke?", "What's brown and sticky? A Stick.", "Yo mama is so nasty she brings crabs to the beach.", "I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you. ", "An apple a day keeps the doctor away.. if you throw it hard enough. ", "Whats green and smells of pork? Kermits finger.", "A globe is forever young as we can't see it's edge ", "Why did the homeless man vote for Obama? Because he promised change.", "I was at the Apple store today when it got robbed, so I guess that makes me an iWitness. ", "Why did the Native American sleep in the hotel lobby? He didn't have a reservation.", "Some bastard stole the 'G' from my 'No Trespassing' sign. ", "My wife has just taught the car a new trick. She got it to roll over yesterday. ", "Dalmatians aren't very good at playing hide and seek because they're always spotted. ", "I got this really cute girl's number today.\nI'm starting to think that I should cause car accidents more often.", "A doctor lost his arm in an accident and it was humerus. ", "Is it just me, or is Congress the opposite of progress? ", "Intelligent people are more likely to talk to themselves. At least, that\u2019s what I tell myself. ", "What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.", "If you're feeling down, perhaps you just need a new pillow! ", "I just ordered the Where's Waldo? audiobook ", "Whoever said money can't buy happiness simply didn't know where to go shopping.", "How do you piss off a female archaeologist? Give her a used tampon and ask her what period it came from.", "After the butcher backed into the meat grinder, he got a little behind in his work. ", "Why are gay men always first to check-out of a hotel? They had their shit packed the night before.", "Committing suicide is a 6 step process. \nStep 1: Find the edge of a cliff....\n....now take 5 more steps.", "Because of COVID-19, I'm now only going to tell inside jokes. ", "Anti-vaxxers are missing the point. Anti-vaxxers are missing the point.", "What do you call a cow with only three legs? Lean beef.", "If my wife made a dollar for every sexist joke I make, she'd be $0.77 richer right now. ", "Click the 'Start' button to Shut Down the computer.", "Guys, if having a dad bod is in, does that mean that you're more attractive if you have a father figure? ", "Smack talk? Man I'm pretty sure you just nod off. ", "Avoid alliteration...always.", "My friend was just buried in a cemetery. It's okay, he was dying to get in.", "Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes", "Did you hear about the new pirate movie? It's rated ARRRGH.", "Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have any children? Because every time his wife gets hot he beats her with a shovel.", "Your head is so big, your ears are in different time zones.", "Guy who owned Odeon cinemas has passed away. His funeral is on Monday @ 2:10, 4:20 and 8:40", "I broke up with a Japanese girl last week. I had to drop the bomb twice before she got the message.", "I'm going to make an ice cream name \"Genetics\" so then people have an excuse to be so fat.", "Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards.....creates, backwards sentences saying how crazy it is. ", "What sits at the bottom of the sea and shivers? A nervous wreck.", "China has released the name of the first man to catch Covid......... Ah Chu. ", "I saw a crash at a Formula 1 and the driver's helmet flew through the air, which must make it harder to piss now. ", "I decided to put laxatives in my weed brownies just for shits and giggles", "Having coffee with your mistress is grounds for divorce. ", "I'm developing a lazy eye, or at least it looks that way ", "It's hard to face your problems when your problem is your face. ", "I'm writing a joke about a guy's first day at FedEx but I just can't get the delivery right.", "Confidence is the feeling you sometimes have before you fully understand the situation.", "\"Now, how's he gonna read that magazine all rolled up like that?\" thought the spider.", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Wooden Shoe. Wooden Shoe who? Wooden Shoe like to hear another joke?", "Well if that ain\u2019t a raccoon calling a opossum a long nosed son of a bitch ", "I used to own a party balloon company but I couldn't keep up with the high cost of inflation.", "I've just been spending some time at my wifes grave..She still thinks I'm digging a garden pond.", "Ghetti is my favorite way to end a Spa day. ", "You put 2 fingers in. Maybe 3, if it's big enough. Oh yeah, now that's how you wash a mug.", "\u201cWrite a wise saying and your name will live forever. \u201d \u2014Anonymous. ", "Did you hear about the Ethiopian Vs. US soccer game? USA: 8 Ethiopia: Didn't.", "Is a snake that's exactly 3.14 metres in length considered a \u03c0thon? ", "a crippled god would still win the olympics ", "Insult someone using braille so they really feel it. ", "Being poor makes no cents. ", "I've seen less of my dad since the amputation. ", "Homer Simpson answers the phone \"Yellow?\" ", "I often say to myself, \"I can't believe the cloning machine worked!\" ", "Sometimes the road less traveled is less traveled for a reason.", "What\u2019s the secret to comedy timing? ", "My imaginary friends are real. They just happen to be friends with other people except me.", "What do you call a singing laptop? A Dell", "We went from playing doctor as kids to airport security as teenagers.", "What sort of jam can't you eat? Traffic jam.", "How do you circumcise a redneck? Kick his sister in the jaw.", "I've spent all day looking for my cat with one eye..I should have used both eyes really.", "Hangry: So hungry by the lack of food you become angry.", "Can I trade this job for what's behind door number 1?", "I'm so horny, even the crack of dawn isn't safe. ", "I was about to create the universe when God did it first ", "I would prefer tulips on an organ than roses on a piano. ", "I find it a little strange that non-hyphenated is hyphenated, but hyphenated is not. [deleted]", "Why do men die before their wives? They want to.", "Murder is a victimless crime. There's no victim left. ", "My wife was crying because the clothes in a +size catalogue wouldn't fit her. \"Don't let it get you down\" I said, \"you're bigger than that\".", "I bought a new bike but I still need to pedal my old one. ", "i recently did one of those nude calendars for charity... child line were livid ", "I just got fired from my job at the bakery, which is upsetting cause I really kneaded the dough. ", "Is it better to cheat, or repeat? #school", "What does the highest paid WNBA player make? Sandwiches.", "lGet plenty of sleep. Be kind to your mind. You'll miss it when it's gone.", "What is al-queda's favorite football team? The New York Jets.", "Stealing someone's coffee is called mugging. ", "There's a band called 1023MB They haven't had any gigs yet.", "You were born as an original, don't die as a copy!", "Why did the chicken cross the basketball court? He heard the ref was blowing fouls", "Why did the golfer wear two pairs of trousers? In case he got a hole in one!", "I cleaned the attic with the wife the other day. Now I can't get the cobwebs out of her hair.", "My wife and I were happy for 23 years. Then we met.", "Elon Musk showed off his LA tunnel last week... it was the most talked about tunnel since Katie Couric had her colonoscopy on the Today Show. ", "My mum laughed at me when I said I was going to make a car out of spaghetti. She soon shut up when I drove pasta.", "I have 4 kids and no money, why can't i have 4 money and no kids ", "A couple of winged insects ended up inside a human, and they got on like two bees in a bod. ", "I say 'Pika' every time before I sneeze.", "My psychiatrist said I was pre-occupied with the vengeance I told him \"oh yeah we'll see about that!\" ", "I wish my only problem in life was fighting over how many millions of dollars I make. #Lockout", "I'm gonna make a book called there's Waldo. And you have to find everything else.", "I changed my car horn sound to gunshots, people move out of the way much faster now.", "Maturity is when you realize there was something up with snow white and those seven shnooks. ", "If someone could shed some light why my flashlight app needs updating, that'd be great. ", "My toothpaste gets jealous when I try to use other brands. It's ultra-sensitive.", "It\u2019s hard to explain things to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally. ", "There's no way I'll allow those filthy conjunctions to be members of my Parts of Speech club, no ifs, ands, or buts. ", "What do you do if your baby comes out black? Cook the next one on a lower temperature.", "Making eye contact with people is the most important thing about working at a vision lense factory ", "Digging a girl.. With a shovel.", "What do you get for stealing a slut's vegetables? Her peas.", "Team work is important; it helps to put the blame on someone else. ", "I've never met a mirror I didn't like.", "Sometimes I pretend to masturbate in the bathroom so people don\u2019t know I\u2019m taking a shit. ", "My wife's head just spun around and then she vomited green slimeI've no idea what's possessed her.", "Laughter is the sensation of feeling good all over and showing it principally in one place.", "Why don't owls go on dates when it's raining? Because it's too wet to woo.", "When you get a transfusion in a Taiwanese hospital, you receive Taipei blood. ", "I just got done working all all night, and I am ready to call it a day. ", "At this point, the only thing missing from 2020 is for Voldemort to show up around June asking us to give up Harry Potter. ", "The downside of being a bomb disposal technician? It takes me six hours to open my Christmas presents.", "\nDon\u2019t knock on death\u2019s door. Hit the doorbell and run. He hates that.", "Yesterday I sent out a text saying, \"Hey I lost my phone, will you call it?\" 10 people called me. I need smarter friends.", "The importance of wearing cologne [removed]", "Virgins cant be rapists so the ceremony to become a born-again virgin seems a loophole ", "When I get naked in the bathroom, it's the shower that gets turned on. ", "Beautiful girls without boyfriend are more attractive \ud83d\ude05 ", "To the guy who invented Zero: Thanks for nothing! ", "I've been told \"you are what you eat\", but that's odd, because I haven't eaten any sexy beasts lately. [removed]", "I'm going for my HIV test tomorrow, feeling pretty positive. ", "Apparently our local Police station has had it's toilet stolen. Police have nothing to go on.", "god shuts down user reviews after heaven gets a 1 star rating ", "Do guilty sheep look humanish? ", "My mate has a new job clearing leaves this Autumn. He reckons he's going to rake it in.", "Spiders are the only web developers that enjoy finding bugs. ", "Never take the 'P' out of a pirate..... as he becomes very angry. ", "I used to be a member of the secret cooking society but they kicked me out for spilling the beans. ", "Puberty left me hanging ", "Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got, I'm still, I'm still homeless and addicted to heroin. ", "A frog robbed a bank...it was the first time it Kermited a crime. ", "I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think I may have grater problems. ", "Sometimes I cry when cutting carrots just so the onions don't think they are ugly or something.", "When the Sergeant asked me, \"What does surrender mean?\", I shrugged and said, \"I give up!\" ", "The price of chess sets has gone up across-the-board. ", "I wasn\u2019t sure if I would like having a beard but eventually it grew on me. ", "Where does a cucumber go to get drunk? A salad bar.", "My girlfriend is pissed after I showed up at her house with D&amp;D books and dice; I misunderstood when she said she wanted to role play. ", "I asked the cashier at the window of the service station for a Galaxy. She came back with a Milky Way.", "What do you call an Iraqi with a sheep under one arm and a goat underthe other? Bisexual.", "A skeleton walks into a bar and asks for a beer and a mop. ", "My doctor told me my chronic diarrhea is inherited. Runs in the family. ", "My ex told me to go F myself, I beat her to it ", "When I first married my wife, she was a glutton for punishment, now, she's just a glutton. ", "Don\u2019t you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do. ", "Imagine eating Post Malones butt hole that's what 2020 taste like. ", "Depreciating values is a worthless topic. ", "What do you call a woman with one leg? Eileen. What do you call a woman with one leg laying on the floor? Eileen Dover.", "Posting a v.redd.it link to /r/mildlyinfuriating is the most meta thing you can do ", "Mountain climbers are curious types. They always want to take another peak.", "We call childbirth delivery but wouldn't it be far better to say takeout? ", "My wife just served me dinner, she made a terrible mess. I told her she'd be better off using a tennis ball.", "The new prisoner was loud and obnoxious but his cellmate was able to rectify the problem. ", "Knock, knock. Who's there? Ivor. Ivor who? Ivor sore hand from knocking!", "I donate my fluids for money - namely urine, which is extracted from the bend in my arm; most people don't know it but that's where their bladder is (squishing noises). ", "Why do BMWs have turn signals? ", "Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick. ", "I've been told I'm not ambitious enough. If only there was an olympic sport for being a lazy bastard. That bronze medal would be mine.", "They say shoe size is directly related to penis size. That makes the fear of clowns even worse", "What do you call a gay Jew? A Heblew.", "\"I bet you can wrap presents with your eyes shut\" I said to my wife. \"I probably could\" she laughed. \"Great I'll just go and get yours\" I said.", "My girlfriend wants to get married, i don't want her to. ", "Why can't a bicycle stand on it's own? Cos it's two tired.", "The best damn decision I've made all day was looking in the mirror and calling myself a nigger lover. [deleted]", "My buddy dared me to fart into my trombone, but I didn't want to toot my own horn. ", "Every new McDonald's creates 40 jobs. 20 dentists and 20 heart surgeons!", "My coworker keeps showing me pics asking if I've seen her baby. I told her it's been two years and she's not going to find them", "I was going to sue a neurosurgeon, but then he changed my mind.", "Whilst having sex I suddenly stopped and didn't move. Wife said 'What are you doing?\" I said I've seen this on PornHub it's called buffering.", "The only reason why I want to legalize weed in America is so that potheads have nothing ever to talk about ever again.", "The only thing worse than finding out you're infertile, is telling your wife and kids. [deleted]", "never date a girl with a lazy eye, she will be seeing someone else the whole time ", "If you got beat up in school, then bully for you. ", "Took the wife's Valentines present back today. She said she wanted something black and lacy. Turns out she didn't mean football boots.", "My gambling addiction cost me my marriage! Or, as I like to think of it, won me a divorce", "You put the fun in disfunctional ", "What do you call a black dog? [removed]", "Everyone on earth is running around with no life since no one can respawn ", "I haven't slept for a few years, because that would be too long. ", "Hillary was almost president [removed]", "What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.", "What's invisible and smells like carrots?  Bunny farts", "My room is not messy; it is an obstacle course designed to keep me fit.", "I can see five years into the future. I have 2020 vision.", "I asked a Transgender for a blowjob \"It\" sucked", "I went to the supermarket and said: \"I'd like to make a complaint,this vinegar's got lumps in it\". He replied: \"Those are pickled onions.\"", "A poor surgeon hurts 1 person at a time. A poor teacher hurts 130.", "Why did the 14 year old Mexican girl end up pregnant? Because her teacher told her to go do an essay.", "If guns don't kill people, people kill people, does that mean that toasters don't toast toast, toast toast toast?", "I've decided to sell all my chiropractic magazines, I have lots of back issues. "]